The Fall of Baghdad, after a screening of the film in the Cairo Film Festival described the film critic Rafiq al Sabban that fantasy comic novelist, but I did not know before that this kind that may come out a documentary, but that the director Mohammed Amin proved the opposite of what I thought, the beginning of Teter movie rapid shortened the tragic fall of Baghdad. Secretary of the camera and take pictures of those scenes its repercussion on the school principal father was well off and his wife, fearful of the policy on her son and daughter, and if the income to the mind of every Egyptian that night and ask the question "What do we do when we come round?"! To find that the scenario is supposed to be fantasy, it provides the answer to the hands of the beholder, who refuses to nightmares to enter the Marines to Cairo, and the kidnapping of each home, and remember - and wishes the Secretary of the older generation - suddenly a young man graduated at his school may be the hope to meet that ghost. Characterized by the Secretary Bkadrat neat camera, and movements in w Apte Kitt seen often, and shaky when Itt The heart of the scene, and we find here expanded to include along with a picture the older generation reflection dark for i Huelva high achievers Iggsdhm i thinner, who invented the days of his device against the request of G street, but the lack of recognition by the state to pay for the invention of the timer, "the same bubble," a Iracs smoke "Banjo" to assure the Secretary that the fast each scene in that film will be directed accusing finger to the system or an Arab government. Holiday was perfect in the submission of those personal moments "Tohanha" or in those few instances where tried with recovery to save the town, which he thought of the beholder that the youth, "Almtsultn" could save her, and reverse the Secretary of this case to show his faith in the ability of young people and work on the production of weapons of deterrence, and the absence of these young people between the quality and gender, unemployment and refraction of hope. We find the tragedy is renewed with an arc drawn by the students to sign objection to an American attack on Afghanistan, and the viewer says they open the bow and put Iraq, then Syria, then Iran, and eventually in despair, afraid to say "invite open God knows who's next," in Sketch Comedy Obakana more than Odgna. In contrast, the Secretary of the new "record" dialogue group staff on the fact that Egypt's possession of nuclear bombs, a deterrent, would stop America when alone, and said Lutfi Labib for the harsh word "if Mandnac weapon deterrent was Hikone the meat creativity in the country .. but de If people Mtmnp" ! Scenario generation unites the old and the new Emtemt Lane in the beholder and i Thinner after the deliberations of many start of Telling the last that the old generation handed over the flag which is curved, and try to first raise the morale of the young man sometimes film video recorded by the victories to raise his spirits, you will find the Secretary Isdmk Bkomideth own is in that the tape is it the goal of Magdy Abdul Ghani in the World Cup in the Netherlands , w M "investigation" - the code word in the film means to access the purpose stretch Loeb - "mood" and "how" the young by bringing the mass of the inventor of the banjo, and marry his daughter to "achieve," At Villa as well. Play secretary on "sex" a lot in the film, which has been explained by himself in a special symposium that the film "What is happening in the Arab world is pure rape .. But rape the nation, "Perhaps I like to practice is once again inside the minds of the oppressed people, to show us that sex as a means suppressed, may set off each person through his anger. If you want to demonstrate the sincerity of the theory of the Secretary of sex, politics and public anger, stopped a man in the hot girl and ask him to complete the following sentence "If you catch the occupation soldier in your house ha ... , And imagine what would you choose?! Heroes of the movie Secretary were more candid with themselves, and encountered a young Egyptian lost between quality and great effort is required of him and U.S. Secretary of State arrogant in front of him, taking a leg on the leg, hence, it only revenge on them in his dreams, and reflects the image seen in the bathroom of a soldier of the American Igtsbh always. The same means by which retaliated by Tariq was the means by which saturated the new bride Salma need and "made" her husband inventor emotionally, they wear American soldiers, to find Tariq enemy in front of "servile" in his bed, retaliate against him as he wants, as long as revenge really far away from him ! Not only the registry Is the sole guest in the movie Secretary, but the codec is also featured prominently, and perhaps inform the picture of him was the headmaster of the fat Ronevi h House site - most of the film - American flag as a way to disguise, but give Z symbolic of globalization, America, you see most of the scenes of the movie either on the ground Scientific American - Ronevi h home - or in the house which represents The sky's the American flag, it is the planet discovered by the Secretary of the armpit of his film. The film is full of alarming you of comedy, and scenes unable to assess the year: 4 