The Aviator was the first movie I saw Leonardo DiCaprio is "Titanic," which grossed a record time of its introduction in profits at least in Egypt where it was rare to meet someone and then not been seen in the movie at least twice! The events of the Titanic to revolve on board the ship famous of the same name and recorded one of the largest incidents of drowning at all, the story of love burning between "Jack", the artist Tramp, who plays DiCaprio's role and "Kate" girl aristocratic kind claim to marry a sons applied in payment of debts of her family, which play a role "and Kate Winslet." Although I enjoyed great film, but I kept wondering the whole time, "What in the the liking of this little blond boy?!" And why it was chosen is precisely to bring about this role? Days and is satisfied that the charm which he sees some people do not resist a key reason for that .. But now, after having watched The aviator, I bow and tip my hat out of respect "for the little blond boy," as toxicity before, Vtjsidh for a personal "Howard Hughes" reminded me a lot Balkadir Ahmed Zaki!! This could be likened to an odd extremism with regard to external shape and circumference of competition between the two terms belong to the world of cinema is different, but means a lot to me .. Vzqui has always been a me the myth of "Almchksati" everything in the expression of meaning, because it is able to "wear any children of Adam "Ptvasilip difficult to duplicate .. Therefore Compared DiCaprio tags fascinates me so much and were not notified me never to mind not because of the differences to which I referred earlier, but because he convinced me that suddenly rise to the level of Zaki favorite movie hero. Director Martin Scorsese was brilliant in moving Almmt Lane, and in the output of the film wandering around in the soft parts of time, you feel and you suddenly see that you have returned to the cinema and twenties bakacad Lat Yen, but modern techniques e perfect, but at the same time was the specter of machine Alit a fundamental flaw in the film, which had the potential to end in several locations, notably the fall of T CAR bearing the "Hughes" and Maha derogatory and disparaging the other is Meh!! And also when he arrived to the stage of complete mental collapse after that and the imposition of quarantine on the same .. But the only consolation here is that the meaning inherent in the story of the film have been different if a lot has happened to you .. "The aviator" a movie worth seeing .. Perhaps more than once .. General Rating: 4 