Girls Downtown When you see any movie director Mohamed Khan feels as if he has love special simple and popular areas, this time concentrating all his passion in the downtown area and underground, to find that most of the film and watch were "external", and this is one of the most difficult types of films that offer, I mean the films "outer". This was certainly one of the reasons why a photographer Kamal Abdul Aziz, most of the time faint and shaky, but at the same time shaking the camera on the subway can give you a feeling like you are inside them. Story by Khan himself, and the dialogue written by his wife, author and Sam Soliman with Altmt Yale were better than what came The film, and this is what make it fun, there are some scenes and sentences of dialogue that "You can not forget after the end of the film, and then to the scene, which brought together Joumana mites Man in his apartment and tried assuaged girls and seditious, only to find them look into his eyes, all innocent of him and ask him spontaneously severe" You are my nation Adhiritk lost "?! , This question did not ask a girl to a young cat in the Egyptian cinema, but Sam gave heroines daring and spontaneous naive at the same time to ask smart Vtattena in "Girls Town". Another sentence I do not think that one of the mentioning of this leaflet by T, a scene in which the collection of mites Man, Samir and the father of the latter in his house, when he warned mites Man friend from falling in love with these girls as they got acquainted them in the street, to respond to Samir him "your problem because if you Hteji Ttjoz Htt heart of your mother Tjozk one costume cat e Amoamadp of Bldkoa, but who are Mtarafoc that Mavi never i closed salvation!" It was the face of strong viewer Jasmine Little, who her brother is trying to straightforward T on, even though it is the smallest of them, only to find that the dialogue and the reaction of the girl dazzle comes from where you expect, how we have seen in numerous films controls the young man who is trying to "work footmen House" in the absence of the father, but pass in passing without explanation to the feelings of the girl, but that Sam reveals another face of the suffering of the girl was adopted Istt Menna Shalabi intelligently and wonderful sense of expression. The disadvantage of the scene filmed at an angle or bird to be the camera angle a simple click of the representatives to the bottom, because we are so deprived of emotions seeing the face of the brother and sister when the confrontation, although it is one of the scenes "Almakecarp" of the body of sincerity. For the scenario you feel like it minus some scenes important and basic, I do not know if the Order type has been deleted because of the duration of the film - as is happening recently! - Or is it already written what appeared on screen only, but for example the position of Othman and Samir when the discover that the two girls have carried Bkhaddallma and impersonate each other, it was necessary to make a face for example, between the four or that things go sour between them at least .. However, we surprised then to "cam scene" that the four pathogens once again comes the marriage of Samir Biasameen, and Joumana deal Osman roughly undue! The Altmt Yale has made it clear how much was Shalabi has a presence and maturity and to convince the stunning, Hind Sabri, who was the accent of the words Mwt Rh girl from the center of The country a little bit, because it is according to the story is a girl of Lebanese descent, but did not travel to Lebanon in her life, as she did not see her father Lebanese cat, and her mother, a girl, but that the performance of her spontaneous and dreamer with Joumana I find convincing, and that the performance of Abul-Naga and Necati was convincing their roles, although small size. In spite of the emergence of film guests such as Ahmed Bedier and Ahmad Ratib and Ezzat Abu Ouf, Majida Al Khatib in passing and fast, each with 4 or 5 scenes only, but all of them appeared to be the lead role as a "mood" high. Soundtrack Tamer Crown can not remember its role in the film, they did not leave any impressions I have as a spectator. Editing our Farouk was by a number of problems that have emerged significantly at the end of each scene, to find that the sharp pieces, but the last sentence in the scene appear unclear and broken! Story "Girls Town" and quote the words of the song is a movie about "two girls at least two owners Itkhasamua hours and hours reconciled," and despite its simplicity .. But the film enjoyable. User Rating: 4 