Elektra Although based on this work, most if not all of the makers of TV drama, but they tried and a clear effort to create a movie "good." The beginning of director Rob Bowman, who dedicated most of his career and his artistic career in the TV drama industry, it may be best known each ejected What is related to "X - Files ", Whether television series or film the only one who appeared for the series, has directed two movies during the past five years are the" Reign of Fire "in 2002, and the film" Elektra "in 2005, and it introduces us to the expertise of director, which had the effect of the largest in the emergence of film mixed between "technique" film and television. As well as director of photography Bill Roe, who has a long tradition in the filming of TV drama and has worked as a manager photography, but involved in some of cinematographic works also as an assistant in photography, making his television overwhelm the film, as has been evident in his shots as if he feared that some camera from Representative sent video evidence to show emotions or close Close Up , A movement that depends on film more than TV, and use of the usual sizes of the image on the television in this film most of the time. For the story did not include what is impressive as it was expected, unfortunately, have emerged in which some aspects of non-logical, as if the events are simply that the director wants it, for example, featured a personal Electra non-existent supernatural powers, in my opinion, contrary to what appeared by the film's villains supernatural powers wow, how can be defeated by Elektra, "all," a simple way that appeared to us! , This point is not logical in the context of the story. Jennifer Garner appeared in the film Badrhp high level of fitness, as well as the performance represented the following mature and understanding of the role, showing the psychological suffering experienced by Electra in a clear and Mwt t, young small Christine Pruitt Although the roles of the few movies but that assigning the role of this size have was a good idea, and the rest of Almmt Lin was already a good performance and understanding of written text. Montier Kevin Stitt of the few in the film, which is the film "exchange", where he was a good number of cinematographic works that are Balokcn and excitement, the most recent was "Paycheck" in 2003, and that afternoon, the rhythm of the film is suitable for its kind and fast most of the time. The make-up was excellent, especially the make-up on the role of "Tattoo" made by Almaquierh Celine Guido, which showed its superiority and excellence by a number of films like "Scary Movie" عام 2003, "White checks" in 2004, but work in this film is a new proof of its excellence. In the end I say that despite the propaganda "huge" presented at the time and preparation that suggest "Splendor" movie, but it was not fantastic so much .. With regret. User Rating: 3 