Made me a criminal after I finished the follow-up of the new movie star Ahmed Helmi young man "made me a criminal," jumped to mind the period in which Muhammad made his bomb Heneidy film repercussions that are still reverberating in the minds of viewers, "We received the following statement," and returned to star dims again! I am not dealing here with a comparison between two works, but I expect - like many of those around me - not able to dream despite the potential of comedy massive keep Ptolgah and ascending to the throne of comedy since the submission of the film "Zarf Tarek," which met with resounding success and confirmed this when he followed his new movie! My dream may be able to lightly blood from the usual grab some audience laughter, but he could not hide the obvious flaws in the scenario is not convincing for the film. Vchksip young girl "king" of suffering from stinginess and her father, "Adham El Shazly" Although a senior businessmen in Egypt, which is paid to escape from it and put a diagram i can extract from the million pounds of N Pratt and her father by claiming that they line Author of the hands of "Rushdie" publicity man who went to the factory and her father to offer him one of his ideas but the businessman Scrooge It rose from his office, to become this person right in front of the "king" of accusing him of a line wrapped. And the provisions of this scheme kidnaps the king of the help of "Sally" representative publicity young Iguenaanh that the King is sick and needs money and her father to take place by surgery heal the feet of the disease alleged, which gets them the sympathy and starts to help them with all his strength to arise between Rushdie and the king of love story in a five-day abduction ! It was not naivete story alone is enough to cooperate with my frustration, but the most naive errors in the scenario. Story on the basis of which depends on the confidence accorded by the king of bizarre to Rushdie, so leave it largely controlled by the heuristic and only lightly blood clear that paid in the end to his request for marriage to save him from prison! The "Rushdie" made do magnanimity of the man known as the Egyptian and just because he saw "the sea" in front of him .. Abandoned his work and his life, his home and his responsibilities without prior notice and accept the abduction to the northern coast simply and easily! Despite assurances from all sentences simple and that was clear in the event that the period that traveled the "were not in the summer season," but wearing the summer clothes for the duration of the film led me to abandon this idea, however, returned the heavy rains and sudden, which did not have any introductions to increase my confusion ! Throughout the events of the film appeared on the "Rushdie" Many of the indicators that are trying to Tenbha that the "king" alleges paralysis but the screenwriter, director and even Ghada Adel refused attention to the cry that escaped from the king when run over Rushdie made on one occasion to shout out spontaneously from her feet sound and is not suffering from paralysis to force them to move the help of a wheelchair! And made the dance duo that Odiaha in a dream Rushdie visible it to fill the vacuum left by the story of the movie, as it showed more modest means to dream, and Ghada dance did not come out in the end, as required. Appeared Ghada Adel average level of its performance and usual, in my opinion it has not yet found the appropriate role, which could consider it a real test for her talent as an actress and allows classifying them good or not! As for Edward, who presented the role of "Friday" is a close friend of Rushdie, despite their differences in foul did not make any difference at all in the events, but that has been permanently deleted will not find any significant difference only delete some scenes that do not have any artistic value, although extracted some laughter the public in a few cases. And shred the star Hassan Hosny - distressed huge number of roles provided by either television or film - to provide a miser who wrestles with his love strong for his money and his love for his only daughter. To his credit, director Amr Arafa chosen the timing of the broadcast the song "one by one" in the film, they add fun to the scene and were able, by Ayman Bahgat Amar summarize the events of the film in just three minutes. Despite assurances that Altetrut musician Nabil Ali Maher put the soundtrack for the film but I did not Olhzaa on Laq Alit, was not in support of the events But - from my point of view - could have contributed in making the spirit of quiet to the events in the film, but at the same time, shred the selection of foreign songs that accompanied the dream of two scenes from the film and bushy Lira helped him to come out in the end well. Finally, credit to the director of photography, Ayman Abu El Makarem serious attempts to prove that the effective medium for her gestures and a real good - albeit few - of the camera for the duration of the events of the film. User Rating: 3 