Zarf Tarek expected to see a comedy level is "unfortunate" that we see in Egypt a while ago, but I found instead the film provides the laugh lightly in the context of a funny story - its dimensions and aspects - and the performance of a representative best of Ahmed Hilmi and directed by a very good Wael Ihsan. If I had watched the work of Wael Ihsan Vorahenk you will not believe that the director of "lamps" is the same director of that film, and the fact that the level of charity in its work differed completely from his first film, to feel as if he did not come out of this film by himself! Important .. Enable the charity to make comedy a high level comparable to - in fact - the quality of foreign films. Ahmed Helmi and I will not speak in detail about "Qfshat" spoken in a particular film, for example, but I emphasize that this young comedian will not disappear as quickly as others, such as climbing, and that there is still a lot inside this young man to be submitted to us. Although I have said, the watch "serious" in the film confirmed that the capacity of my dream of acting has matured too, and I Oqdd to play "hard" has become even better than his performance in the movie "sleepless nights", just a scene of collapse suffered by the "Tariq" because loss of the "Sarah" him, and his ascension to Crane - despite Terrified of heights - to try to reach out the window of her room hotel. And the added flavor of a very special on this scene is Tamer Hosny "I am not her fears," which explained a few words about the case of "Tariq" which he would not is afraid to see his sweetheart, even if the death, and that even if they fail to touch her hands - This is what happened because there is a window between them - enough to hurry to see him, to find that the output of charity and the performance of my dream and the voice of Hosni made what I consider the best scenery in the whole movie. For the representation of Magdy Kamel I find that choice in the role of the "elves" Mobster inappropriate him wholeheartedly, and that the role of light did not add anything new to their abilities but as a beautiful girl! Regarding the presence of Osama Mounir broadcaster through its program on Radio Star FM, and although I'm not a fan of the follow-up of this program specifically, his presence was useful "in some cases!" And choose the charity of his team from the photographer Ihab Mohamed Ali, Montier Khaled Marei was successful to a large extent, especially with the experience of each of them, where he presented "Ali" in 2005, for example films, "Abu Ali" and "Harem cream", but Mari was returning good With this film, especially since its last was in 2003, and the films "thieves in Thailand" and "sleepless nights", and "Divorce Lawyer" in 2002. The musician Amr Ismail was able to make fun of appropriate soundtrack for "Joe" work. Of course the film was in its problems and flaws and "lengthening" in some of the events, but you will spend a good time after watching a whole. The movie "Zarf Tarek" offers you the comedy is a "respectable" and at a high level did not Natadh recently, so a big greeting from me to corrupt officials. Note: you modify this criticism after watching the movie for the second time, and I apologize to the memory of my fault that Osama Mounir is the man who translated the English phrase that returned the "peaceful" to "Tariq" at the end of the film, and my dream is the one who says. User Rating: 4 