Molasses is the best film he did not offer solutions or proposals is a logical naive to fix the problems of the country, only view the problem as it is, which embodies the true meaning of a message movie, presentation and not reform. Workers in that industry, producers, actors and directors and writers are not required to search for solutions to the problems facing the country, but enough to provide decent work of art touches the poor conditions experienced by millions. The focus of the author Khaled Diab from the beginning of the scenario until the end, to submit to Khaled Marei article featured the best use of the very last. The idea of "black honey" is not new, it has adopted more of an old movie on the idea of a person returning from abroad, which clashes with the reality experienced by the poor people of his country, but the film's new idea was different. We did not see, on the way example, Ahmed Helmi shows such as Shukri Sarhan film "jellyfish or Hashem", which corresponds to a perceived wrong behavior nervously severe and ridiculous, but it was my dream quieter because it seemed like a non-Absorber in the parent what is happening in front of him. Which is calculated for the binary Khaled Diab Khaled Marei, it is that the idea came comedy film, which relied on "Comedy of the idea" and not "comedy" attitude, you may find a lot of scenes similar Pfkrtha, but you will have to laugh with every scene, thanks to the talent Ahmed Helmi. Also a feature film side, the comedy is not relying on Ahmed Helmi only to capture the smile from the face of the viewer, as in most comedies, and also did not depend on the representative of one or two others to do the same task as happens in some movies, but most of the scenes comedy was heroes " extras ", which is the thing that I do dream of a movie before," Congratulations. " Reveals that a good selection of Ahmed Helmy good scenario, which relies on the idea of a certain comic scenes continue throughout the film, and not just a script includes a number of Alovihat consumed. Talk about Ahmed Helmy "representative" does not need a lot of talk, comedy Valndjem proved that "most successful" art scene at all, and not only comedian. My ultimate stage since the "change skin" movie "Keda Reda" It offers an impressive cinema-class clean comedy, a mixture of many that failed in its composition and to continue them. The back of my dream, "Molasses" calmer and more confident, more than any film before, which is borrowed from the successes of his previous, and it is not necessary to have a comparison of the "Molasses" and any other film to my dream in the past three years, all of them are films, all excelled in it. The emergence of both Edward and Amy Samir Ghanem very special, in addition to adult artists, Lutfi Labib, and Yusuf Dawood and Inam Salosp. As usual, music occupied the great musician Omar Khayrat privileged place the events of the film, Geert and succeeded in the development of appropriate music for special events when you dream return to Egypt. The film has succeeded in delivering the experience and realistic collide with many suffering millions, and accuse the filmmakers of "spreading the dirty laundry" in the events speaks illogical, Pollution, theft and corruption and the collapse of education "and lack of manners" are not things a secret need for a movie to Evdhaa. "Molasses" and one of the most promoted movies in recent years, when a film makes you feel great to laugh at some of the watch, then cause you symptoms of depression, other scenes, the film certainly has succeeded in delivering a distinctive idea is full of scenes. User Rating: 4 