Girls Town Girls Town movie is a breath of breeze in light of Egyptian cinema, this film warm weather, were able to film director Mohamed Khan to submit pursuant to humanity and the vision of new conceptual, and screenplay embellished by his wife, author and Sam Solomon. Story and screenplay were very good, but there is some kind of distraction in the beginning of the events and "amputation" marked the end of the events, where the focus was initially on to know the two girls and their family, although it was possible to be aware of the public all the details and pick them up from within the events film. With the onset of exchange numbers mobiles between the two girls and two young men began the emergence of another type of Altt Will the negative I find it does not help the film Alit Laq may even harm it, which is the beginning of a lie Yasmin Samir mites Man and spoofed a personal friend Joumana and replacement, Anthalhma figure each other, I think that this viewer did not have any importance in the scenario, because the topic can be mixed On the spectator, and after work to find it does not have any background on the names of the key figures around which the movie. Fair and Ge "wildcard" in the scenario was evident in the marriage scene of Yasmin Samir, was a spectator in need of many of the scenes that show what happened before you married her? And how her family accepted the subject? How Older Khaled and his line on this, and how the relationship ended with Joumana mites Man? No scenario illustrates this important part has passed unnoticed without explaining anything, as the film Rkzaaly things in the beginning were not significant Alit Laq, while the left suddenly in the end without the knowledge of the events that were, in my view are important, but unfortunately did not take their share than the male! Among the things that added to the film song by Rico, has been in place perfectly and served the escalation of events beyond that and the position of the crisis affecting that happened between two friends, and also that the choice of "Rico" in itself was successful because it is a popular singer and fits with the downtown area. And influential roles in the film, despite its small area is the role of Magda El-Khatib, discussed the disease, "Alzheimer's" is simple and convincing to the contrary from the roles of the marginalized and stipend Ahmed Ezzat Abu Ouf, Ahmed Bedier. The performance of Menna Shalabi and Hind Sabri was good, and selected for these roles was in place, it has managed to be crossing the idea of the film series and convincing manner. In terms of photography, Kamal Abdul Aziz set a mark on the film, and gave us a sense of coexistence with the situation with the story, especially since the camera was in the entire metro area and in different streets of Downtown in Egypt. Film in general was good, but it was not on the same level of the old Khan films such as "Dreams of Hind and Camelia" and "wife" important man ", two of the masterpieces made by Khan before. User Rating: 3 