This Is It has been able to director Kenny Ortega to make a historical movie about the king of pop legend Michael Jackson will be pictured late in the memory of date ten generations to come. Yes, the film documentary, which is all the scenes tour of Jackson Pepsi concert session which was scheduled to be hosted in the arena of "Oh Tu" in London from July 2009, but died on June 25, 2009 before the start of any of them, that is, a film about preparation for the concerts only It is not about his life. But in fact, these scenes have shown the people side of the life of Jackson did not know his audience with him whatever they had seen him for television interviews or watched the concerts live or recorded it, I felt that this film shows Jackson as actually did not see or know of before, and it was not just Word of propaganda for the film. Is despite the fact that the theme and one which the scenes of the ceremony, and places of photography is limited mostly to one place, a theater, but what has been recorded, showed us the genius of the artist's music that made him a since the beginning of his twenty years the title of "King of Pop" on the one hand, and the side of a personal and humane to him in his personal life but did not know of deal with him directly on the other hand. Genius artistic feel and see and hear when you find you interested in the smallest details of the ceremony tirelessly, concerned with every note and tone Stalbha each machine with him, is interested to feel the moment event, which has to be to appear on stage without the need to give him a sign or signal! Which has very frankly amazed! Situation is when the director Ortega displays on the big screen set displays Theater short film that will turn before the exit of Michael and his appearance on stage, but the problem is that Michael will be in front of the screen from the start his back, that will not see what is happening and will not know when the movie stops, and asks him What is the director noted that he wants to give Guardian for him to climb on the stage, finds that Michael answered him spontaneously and Mat e f "convinced stray a bit": "I do not need to mention, they have to feel that moment, I feel sure of myself!" Of course, the effort made in the innovative thinking that round, and the form it was supposed to appear, and cost you expect for this monumental work made me fascinated and hijacked breath for two hours for the movie. Because I see before my eyes the true meaning and the surround of the word "star", and takes the title of arduous effort and the work of the artist himself before the team that surrounds him. Ortega himself as a director his performance impressed the dance, and ejected through the lightness of the film "High School Musical" High School Musical, and I think it will have a significant in changing the parameters of concerts after this film. Humanitarian side, which impressed me in the late Michael is treated with those around him, how it treats everyone simply love and literature, how to say all the time for each of them, "God bless you" God Bless You, to the degree that made the filmmaker flirting with him, saying: "I feel we in the Church Rock and Roll. " I remember that Michael was in rehearsal for one of his songs, and music started playing, and began singing in choir , And Michael is on the stage left and right and is put in his ear to hear small in order to hear directly the music and watched singing e, tries to sing w m depends, looking forward in shame with a smile, w m walking some line-Watt other and trying to sing again, but there are Labor, shy smile and explain that. Ventbh Ortega to the reluctance of Michael and asked him what bothers him, answers all the embarrassment and shame: "I'm sorry, but this speaker I feel as if there is one who puts his hands in my ear and press it hard, I try to sing, but I could not bear the sound," and asks him things the director whether the reduction of the music in ear will be enough, contained Michael: "Yes, please Akhvadwa the music a bit, thank you very much, God bless you." Er literature De, actually had footmen ethics, here in Egypt if happened the same position with any of the artists respected find was drawing all features diabolical on his face, and went out of his mouth the ugliest and dirtiest words of the great by the small etc. in place to not care for his ear Technical delicate kind! Michael was interested in those who show such interest in him is his appearance in person, we have There was a girl playing a guitar with him in rehearsals which appear to be in her twenties, and despite her young age but it is very very talented. Find Michael standing next to a link to play that unique concept, where the light alone, and tells her: "Relax and de night .. Aazvi like "and plays a voice guitar voice to perform the tune on the strings of Jitarha, and restores them again and again how to play to impress the audience, how to shine at the moment of their own, taken from his time and effort, and they are not easy to Ahdaarhama, to know a girl in twenty of How old is represented by the unique concept at the moment where the light alone, and steals it! I, in my opinion the movie entertaining documentary education educational, because you are in just two hours you will learn a lot about the art of the revival of concerts in an innovative way, and you will learn how to deal with those around you, despite being the star of "years" in your domain, not a requirement to be an artist, and you will learn the true meaning of stardom, and would appreciate that this title is not supposed to say only those who actually deserves. A tutorial and is useful not only for our generation, but for the next ten generations at least. Michael Jackson actually deserves the title "legend" and "King of Pop", and is lamenting his loss and leave him forever. User Rating: 5 