Abraham White beginning I want to commend the young Palmkrj Marwan Hamed on the sufficiency of this amount from the scenes of murder and bloodshed, as the increase would have made the appropriate name for the film "Ibrahim Red!" Fit the movie on this viewer with the exact details had to be to make the words "adults only" riding a propaganda poster for the film, but it is clear that the obsession with "sex" is the dominant control now, and that their role only limited to reduce and delete the sex scenes. Scenes of bloodshed is not the problem of the film, may be helped change the image of the "Action", which took control of some Egyptian movies, especially movies Ahmed El Sakka, but the problem lies in the movie real bad this story that has killed creativity representatives, and made it just attempts. The story of "Ibrahim White" presented by Abbas Abu al-Hasan was filled with many gaps that made the film "tedious" and watch the events. Problems of the first story is "a vacuum of events", which was forced by Marwan Hamed to be more in the details of some of the scenes, to shed light on some of the characters, such as the bloody scene that I wanted to show courage Marwan Ibrahim white through it. Chose Abu Hassan full will be transferred after the events of the film from the reality of the bloody reality of romantic, without being mired in a relationship Ibrahim Bhorip "Hind Sabri." That caused the problem in the scenario in the sense of non-scenes role of a nymph, although discriminate Hind Sabri, "as usual", with Ibrahim Fmhahdha throughout the film did not provide or know the story of the great love scenes, which are united. Ahmad Al Sakka has succeeded thanks to the cinematic experience in the provision of personal Ibrahim White well, it is terrible that a man is not afraid of anyone, and kills without mercy, but a few events and fatigue, which the owner did not make it out full brilliance Sakka, who appeared film the island. Personal "two tenths" performed by Amr Waked is the best ever in the history of art, where the film Amr important figure, and succeeded in painted nature of comedy in some cases. As usual, starring "The Magician" by Mahmoud Abdel-Aziz, and in this movie role was a big challenge for him, being the first tournament of collective experience to him, and he was the great artist that comes out all its energies and expertise in the few instances where it appeared. Shine Abdul Aziz in the character of "Abd al-Malik Zarzour" It was a few positive points of the film, the character itself was representative of the need for certain capabilities, unlike most characters in the film, which was succeeded by Mahmoud Abdel-Aziz deserved. I do not know the feasibility of post Hanan Turk, the film, performed by the stewardess does not need to star retired from acting at the top of Jomtien and Technical undimmed. Post Hanan Turk came without any value, it is cut off from her retirement and returned a significant role, nor have proved her talent and Jomtien, played a small role after an absence! Also of the points that must be mentioned in the talk about post Hanan Turk, she had said after her retirement from art they regretted any contact with illegal Boflamha came, it was not she also includes "hands musk." As much as I liked a scene end in terms of drama, but Marwan Hamed failed in the formulation of the scene, with his presence this way, and focus on a Abraham next to the fairy, it is not reasonable to grieve the murder of Abraham, after all what he did, it would be naive to cry over the death of nymph at the hands of her boyfriend and I have not seen proof of that love! "Abraham White was" fit for display ten years ago as was scheduled, it is difficult to accept the public a film like this to Marwan Hamed after "The Yacoubian Building", in such a role for Sakka having led one of his best roles in the "island", it is difficult to say by the film "good" the midst of this Quantum of boredom. User Rating: 3 