Inta Omri initially predicted that the film would be just a movie "love" and romance, and one "SAP" is one example! , But that did not stop, I entered the film due to very curious to know why the young actress is young, such as "Nelly Karim" take the best actress award at the Cairo Film Festival last, and therefore entered the film to see. I am now in the showroom has the lights went out, and began the film, pulling my attention from the "Tatars" Home, quick clips of the ballerina Nelly Karim was beautiful, as well as "kind," calligraphy used in the writing heroes was amazing, it is not easy to find " Tetra "in the film draws your attention and makes you follow all his shots! Movie admit I did not expect at all, and I pray to God Almighty not be "inspired" from the movie or novel other foreign, because it is already a new story and different from those presented before, but I did not expect to be a "pediatrician" who listen to the advice of medical to the mother every morning on the radio, Dr. Mohamed Refaat is the author of the story and the script and dialogue! , And it was clear the effort made in this story to show up in this way, it is the trial court, and revolves around the idea of specific, clear and readers e persistent or study - and Allah knows best - is completed by Mohamed Refaat in psychology and Tot seen to treat the patient, but for the end of the film has Some feel uncomfortable with this conclusion, but I find it Mwt Rh and realistic, you may not have spoken By a large margin, in fact with so much sacrifice, raising two women together for the son of a man who dreams after his death! But can occur. And appeared "mature" film director Khaled Youssef technical this time significantly, compared with the films, ex-"Storm" and "passport by presidential decree," there have been "experience" high point "technical data", and control is evident in the performance of representatives, and understanding of the story of Mohamed Refaat and its interaction dramatically with the movie to come out this way "values." Performance Almmt Lin was a mark for each of them in the history of art, and found Nelly Karim already deserve this award, and if you're in for the jury to award her guardian Vsoatt resembling a cat for a specific e it difficult for the "no" represented For even if the experience is to be performed, in a scene that has been in hospital in the first encounter between the beloved and wife, and after it was joy and a smile on the face of "sun" suddenly tremble Chwetaha and cheeks from the horror of surprise! These chills in the face is not an easy thing in the actor, but this young actress has managed to play, certainly there were a number of attempts by the director and actress for the newcomers to this snapshot, but they succeeded to reach them. Hani Salama was a distinct and "mature" in his role too, although the crying sometimes "artificial" but it was Mwt Ra on girls and women to tears in the halls, Menna Shalabi, started right and skip the line-Watt true to stardom away from the superficial roles performed by live by the "km Mama" For the Almt, and Istt Acts Khaled Youssef of the discovery of an important aspect of her talent may be discovered for it is the other, Hisham Saleem was the discovery real in this movie despite the fact that so late a little bit but it finally will take the "space" appropriate for his talent in the film, and the great artist Abdul Rahman Abu Zahra, despite the small role but it was understood the role. Samir Bhzan camera maker for the work was distinct as it used before with his films "Secrets of girls", "the city", "citizen informant and Mahrami," and a number of films, "Eternal" in the history of Egyptian cinema. Editor Rabab Abdel Latif was smooth, although it may be "slow" in some scenes but the film as a whole was good. Soundtracks and songs for the Wave and Yahya Murad Akram were influential with the events of the film. In the end the movie on a high level in many ways, and I do not recall a film Download this much crying for viewers in the recent period such as this film, however it can to raise our hat greeting director Khaled Youssef on this outstanding work. User Rating: 4 