Ouija recently watched in the cinema movie "Ouija" starring Sharif Munir, Hani Salama, Hind Sabri, Menna Shalabi and Dolly Shahin, and glad tidings, and came from the remarks as a viewer normally and not as a critic of art, which means that it should not be expected to speak in lighting, photography, frames, and editing, clothing and Almkop, etc.! Introduction of the film was too long, there was no need to identify the heroes of the viewers in a time of up to ten minutes after we find the name "Ouija" and the director may pm us on the basis that the film Ha Eptdi my group .. It was clear that the introduction in this movie was just a waste of time! The story of the film and clearly it is adapted, at least the idea of the game "Aluiga" reminded me of the movie "Jumanji," the famous American that the game was also the focus of the story and events e, but in Jumanji returned armpit of the film to the past and changed the events themselves, and the result was a horror movie on the magic of the Comedy Ot the Fall, and was interesting to a large extent, while in the "Ouija" did not feel that there is justified because Tst Hind Sabri love with the game of "Aluiga" and thus the bulk bags in her car, which was in e i Rigaha to Hurghada, and frankly if I place Josha Oteknn and Ocollha Hosavr not already .. Ouija Btaa eh eh! Kamel Abu Ali, the film's producer, wanted to provide free publicity for his village, a famous tourist in Hurghada and the Egyptian tourism in general, we introduced the corresponding i Selling "The Women" stunning already over the duration of the movie, but not you see me, sir product that the emergence of cases of infidelity and illicit relationships and networks of Arts and girls walk around in the i papers the hotel and the rooms they shirts sleep or underwear may provide Ant sold bad for a hotel or village?! You are free generally stayed .. Village village .. The film is your film! Question we must ask: true gap film de Egypt? In other words: paralysis and Sahab in Egypt, all of them like? Means easy, for example the convergence of one Mtjozp one normal and she spoke on the phone and their owners Tdehm dates and go apartments? Is it plain also that one Mrath appreciate the collective travel trip like that with Sahabhm in Hurghada and Hatk my drinking, and adverse Pakeflakes girls and the quality of the words "estimated attaches de Girl"?! "Medicine Trahennini"?! Another question: are people de Venn their people? And how much laughter was louder than the movie theater when it was Hind Sabri or Menna Shalabi withdraw her boyfriend to her apartment, she says to him: "What Takafsh .. Papa and Mama travelers, "and again," Mama and Papa Bisifoa ", and it was clear that the young people to such a degree of deviation Malhomc people already, because my knowledge that resorts not extended like that, it is enough that we Hovenash" the people "in the film de from the beginning and the end! God I know stayed, could be the author meant that all this happens in the absence of parents!!! Sheriff Mounir: real movie star .. Representative of the wonderful talented, but is a genius in this film as it was in the "sleepless nights", has provided a role boat too hard, he knew how to be serious, and how to be a clown, and how to be a man suspicious about his wife and all around him, and the summit performance analog actually in the scenes which presented in the form of "devil", which whispers to him that the suspect in his wife in all around him! Dolly Shahin surprise film true: beauty, excitement, temptation, Balawi Zarqa, acceptance, performance, and her songs in the film were not intrusive to the events, but were in place perfectly, and will probably be the song "I'm just like a girl" of the best songs in 2006, it already reflect the feelings of any girl, but all what I hope will not be the behavior of all the girls like the behavior of Dolly in the movie! Menna Shalabi: wonderful representation, and its role is very difficult, especially in the scene of her suicide attempt while ago that it actually cut her wrist, as well as in the scenes of her pregnancy from her boyfriend "representative" Hani Salama after the dose of cannabis abused in his apartment .. Of course, cannabis is something very normal O group in the film de costume, and give thanks unto the Lord because the heroes are already Kanuc Bicherboa length of the movie is not whiskey and beer .. What Hovenash Pepsi sincere, not even the Mineral! But I have a note on the role of Menna Shalabi, which she was crying every five minutes Batnen kilo tears, tears were too many! Hind Sabri: representation versed, and able to role-playing with a psychological nature, but then a problem in the contact lenses that put it on the same, there was appointed two "locked a little" because of lack of care for your lenses, perhaps because of the sensitivity of the eye of the lens at all, and believe me, India representative of the wonderful and beautiful even though the glasses! Hani Salama: student Youssef Chahine's right .. A senior representative .. Appeared in this film as a representative mature completely! Mohammed Alkhalai: Lesa Badri! And many need voice coaching before standing in front of the camera, form was "general assessment: 3 