The Yacoubian Building at the outset must admit that I a fan of the story of Dr. Alaa Al-Aswany taken by the story of the film, and despite his large number of people of strong objections on the content and particularly with regard to the order of homosexuality or even disintegration of political and socio-economic decline, but I respected the novel hard to shed her light on and then For these heinous acts that are already occurring in our country to be more prevalent and violent, and I am not a supporter of supporters of the bear in the sand and then headed for the ostrich, then do not say these things for our country and we are rigid and Meh Meh! .. This nonsense must be to stop all those who say "no" and "impossible" to "peacock and Alumblyan." Go back to the topic .. Marwan Hamed .. This young director, who think that his age did not exceed the 25-year-old managed to achieve is impossible to turn the story of Bmt for this complexity and "congestion" and the line Orp to the film "live" video and audio for everything imaginable when readers Tech of the novel, and I congratulate actually this director very talented at being able to submit his first dramatic work Bmt For this quality and make it equivalent in quality pursuant to the quality of the novel, namely, that they were not a precedent of the few times it has happened in the Egyptian cinema. Let me objected to the view supported by a number of critics to the effect that this film is not fit to represent us in international festivals!! The movie even if it is not The theme of "national", for example, but is originally applicable to him "we spread our dirty laundry to the world," is a film very realistic and bold and at the same time, "indecent" image, and is not required of the Egyptian cinema to make films that talk about the issues Arab and world just to be of interest to foreign viewers as some have said! And Altmt Yale, I believe that Marwan was able to "dig up" inside the armpit of this work and make them all appear in a "strong" for new faces, and "different" of the "giants" of what their in careers artwork, where it has shown just before and with the "creases" the face that added years old expressions Almtot Rh sad and what makes it truly deserves the title of "leader", and accessible, despite the small role was simple E and lovely in the role of "Christine" with the accent and foreign features, and Nur al-Sharif was like it s gesture and expressions, which is a silent faq R. What is versed in it. The personal Kamal El Fouly has appeared in the character of a completely different heart and mind than by Khaled Saleh before, and succeeded in delivering a "science" of political colored like a chameleon and appears in front of people, color - good and gentility - and then changed to its original color - vile and tyranny, and robbery - a in the hole and between those who liken. And Khaled El-Sawy, Whatever for all reservations from the fact that his role is the portrayal of homosexual Hatem Rashid, but he played really brilliantly dotted Ap counterpart, and I did not see the will and then for this role to this perfection by the El Sawy, and I mean he did not offer the image disgusting Youth "Alseke Mickey" who find them talking Wen Bmiuap paper mst Nap, and even better is to play in the scene through which we the reason that prompted him to practice and then for this anomaly, and Atabh to his parents of the deceased to neglect to take care of which the payment server Idris to rape T Phil Little has repeatedly made the victim get used to Matdia, But I Oattab only that this character was talking Most of the time in French - the version that I saw were not by a translation from French into Arabic or English! - Especially in a scene admonition of his parents and intimate times of its own, which made him fall in these moments and try to accommodate on without literally be from the picture! Younis and Delight was fantastic and "defamatory" staggering, despite my expectation that it had forgotten Altmt Yale since Atmket Arab Company for production and distribution, but it is shaken off the dust of years and returned violently, as was the Hind Sabri Tunisian origin empowered in the performance of her as a girl's popularity poor - and then what made her role in "The Best Times - but the" accent "It was a slip of the tongue grabbing them from time to time, and toxicity Khashab was also good in the role. I will not miss said, "veteran" Ahmed Bedier, who has the role of "angel" exploiter is demonic and highly experienced, impressed governed by the expressions in the face suggestive of "shrewd" a lot. Imam Mohammed's son and leader of His role here, "i e-Shazly" is a strong start to his career, but I have a little note of the scene in which he says i e-Sheikh to the State Security officers raped him, where p never Tot R. Mohammed, who appeared on his face, and after that he began Iwt t in strongly from a pool of tears his eyes with felt sorry for himself what happened to him as he looked to the street and gave j his part, Sheikh, Triple Bias t be seen in front of him to speak to the man of the assessment year: 5 