Hawa uniform when we met the artist Khaled El Nabawi in his dialogue with the site, he stressed that the relationship of late sister with her brother is mentally responsible are lured most of the film "fancy costume," and I think he was right .. With the audit in the film and details of the personalities you'll find that the strongest parts of the movie was the emergence of the kind of girls Marwa Abdel Moneim, which has been an unwelcome guest in the life of the Prophet. Its looks and expressions of her face and her body which deliberately highlighted some of the full thing .. Marwa factors strongly supported in the expression of the large body girl, but her mind is turned off when its tenth year, and to be appearing for the first film Marwa this power, we are waiting for most of this face is very evangelist and fried in its work. That we have seen the girls in her grief and feelings is perceived Alamadt Silent goddess of its looks only, and the remote w Marwa and the Prophet's strong in moments of anger, one or both, which was expiring Bbasmp beautiful girl, after a moment of almost Ibca where the scenes of engagement Fe with her, but despite the relatively small size of the role, but she was able to configure the relationship between them and the viewer, to find echoes with the public, inter alia, favorite "Do you know your eyes are white?" In contrast, the presence of the Prophet's strong and visible, and distinguished from previous roles spontaneously beautiful .. Yes, it was his anger and tone of his voice sharp in the fighting scenes with Ghada Abdel Razek or Dalia Buhairi familiar in similar scenes before, but that bantered with his sister and talking to himself in a fit of drunkenness, as well as the romantic scenes with Dalia was carrying performance of a new prophetic, we found the automatic and dynamic rationality which the roles of precedent for this actor who still has a lot. However, the sense of romance and feelings that have emerged in the focus of s multiple, and it was intended for the viewer, and found a barrier to break this communication represent for each unfortunately Dalia Buhairi itself, those Almmt to him, which confirmed to us in the "harem cream" it is T saliva correct to present itself Kmmt empowered him, we find the performance of her fall sharply in the scenes of modern Ha Whisperer with the Prophet, did not convince anyone that they share that person's love, which is supposed to be loved first. Dalia was very distinct in the expression of the insane in the character of Selma, was Mchahnadtha, voice, high in connexion Anger well, and even the expression muffled anger after doubts in her lover was convincing, but which is located to the chest to cry over it, or a pat on the shoulder of her friend's broken we did not feel them at all, despite the cinematic history is short for Dalia, they inspired us, and as a "portfolio not understand anything, "sentences of dialogue. And Bt Sell deprecate this movie to the fact that Dalia of personalities Home, on the contrary we meet diligent Reham Abdul Ghafoor, which embodied the mass grief greater the likelihood of the same character, and was in moments of grief or her smile fragile expressive, and helped the features innocent, and I contrast that with the effort, but that's personal as a whole if it were to drop her from the movie will not lose anything, and Bt Sell this is not a defect in the Reham. The matter is due to the scenario, in which event scenes and characters will not cut Birh something, such as the role of former player Khaled Ghandour, which, indeed, proved how much he lost the green rectangle, because it is the only place that shine in front of the camera! Each factor was a personal failure in his role, the beginning of his inability as an actor - which is not his hand there is a lesson or as before - through the personal involvement of the film, the end of the abnormal positions of that character will not make him accept the viewer is possible. I sell personal foul to some extent not a reason for failure in my view, as the film contained photographs faq T malice, however managed, a personal business woman authoritarian e embodied by Ghada Abdel Razek, and a personal friend Alousoli Tom that his body, Mahmoud Abdel-singer, both succeeded in us to hate Chksitema, which is difficult to Almmt's, which means its success to achieve success in the test important for its Altmt night. And take it as a test for the young director who deals with all of these and i-line Drama, with what in those figures of contradictions, and the discrepancy in the level of depth and performance, but Akram Farid Astt makers make a film photo, Kadrath included combinations visual distinct, and try as much as possible to explore new places in the city of conferences and the Cinema "Sharm el-Sheikh," albeit diffuse to highlight the aesthetics of the photo, which appeared strongly in the song of the film, came at the expense of the line Drama of the film, Valognep did not add anything. "Z-Hawa" .. A new film on the summer movies, air, sea and faces well, at the same time represent the fun, and a good story .. Corrupted love stories commercial intercalatum. User Rating: 3 