Those days as more time passes by and I'm enjoying this film within the film high-end .. As I remember, "those days", which contained a lot of good movies, which he did not during the movie special is the exception! Waited for the film "those days" a lot because of the name of the writer and the presence of a group of big names do, and also to discover the new exit in the first experiences of real, so I went to see it in display in the presence of corrupt officials, although I do not like that normally. The movie carries a lot of attractive elements, the beginning of the name, the mysterious, through the great literary value found in the author Fathi Ghanem, and the presence of "a giant of representation" such as Mahmoud Hamida, such as special representative Ahmed Fishawy, and ending with such a rising actress Leila Sami. I do not deny that I influenced positively by watching the movie, and I have become mentally prepared to watch a good movie, especially with the introduction of the Declaration on the special TV screens. But that made me I am not willing to see work not on the level, but I will accept only watch the film distinct and different. The difference was the hallmark of the film, In the middle of several bad films nestled in theaters throughout the year, becomes the film, which carries a political dimension a different experience worth seeing and analysis. Let me tell you a little story about the movie .. Film about a brilliant political thinker Salem Ebeid, who embodies the role of the artist Mahmoud benign, a princess is married to a girl that embodies the role of Leila Sami, and married him in pursuit of money and power. It appears in the role of Ahmed Fishawi retired police officer Ali al-Najjar, which is located in a love story with the wife of the famous thinker, and discovered that he had previously saved in a burning train in Aswan. Mahmoud Hamida selection of that role was largely successful, Vchksip "Salem Obaid" You need the representative of good and evil, deception and romance and humor, it features a dominant figure on Salem Ebeid .. and carried out by the benign brilliantly. The back of the great artist during the movie role of brilliant political thinker, and who does not mind writing a series of articles that serve the objectives of the system in pursuit of political office, large, and to give up some of objectivity in some of the things to achieve this position. Appeared Salem Obaid several aspects of the scenario, which are similar in content, has emerged the role of the greedy in power, which is preparing to do anything to reach its objectives, and the person who was associated with a girl younger than several years to gain the love that they give the girl to her boyfriend who died. But it remains the last dimension of personality that is worth it Mahmoud Hamida commendable, after trying to events towards benign mainly middle movie nearly mastered the great artist reprise the role of men "obsessed" and Psycho, which tries to take revenge on his wife without justification by persuading her she was ill, a psychological , and distort the image of a woman traitor. Is calculated for the screenwriter Ahmed Ghanem escalation of events in this distinctive shape during the movie, The first half of the script, although it has been implemented in a special, but it might like some of the boredom. Which dealt with the director and screenwriter is a wonderful way for the escalation of events and the heart of the helm of the movie just to figure Salem Obaid. Ahmed Fishawi also was distinctive in his role, which relied primarily on scenes of "flashback" for his work as a police officer earlier, the film is an update of the roles of Fishawy successful film after "45 Days" and "Z gambling." To his credit, rising Leila Sami stability and calm crashing into the artist such as Mahmoud Hamida film one and play a role his wife, and appeared Leila characteristically in most scenes, but it appeared artificially some thing in those scenes that you are singing it, so I advise her to continue acting and not thinking about singing if was planning to do so! The film saw the emergence of a distinguished artist of the great millennial toxicity, which embodied the role of father, Ahmed Fishawi and appeared in one scene only, but it worked the scene so small to attract the attention of the public art display is located, and talk about it after the end of the film. The emergence of the artist Safiya Omari new film is a wonderful thing, but her portrayal of the role of the mother of Mahmoud Hamida is located within the things that are not logical! In addition to the phase age converged between the two, there have been descriptive age, including in respect of beauty and femininity characterized in the past, so I thought I was watching footage from the series "Hawanem Garden City!" But it remains a representation is the most prominent film, it is difficult to shine most representative elements in the film, he carries the relatively complex scenario, which is calculated for the crew of the representatives of the film and director. I am afraid of an attack on the film who used to watch bad movies, and became a special thing for them, "is incomprehensible!" "Those days" a bold experiment reveal a political reality through the corrupt greedy men in power, as calculated for the film boldness in dealing with some negative points within the police force, even if reluctantly. User Rating: 4 