Game of Love "movie cute!" .. This was the first comment I heard about my departure from the film "Game of Love" and, indeed, is the accurate word to describe the film, it is not a comedy nor a purely romantic as you might think the scenes when you see the title of the film or ads. Is a simple movie about two characters Hdidti difference, they met at the beginning of their youth, and if different from each other without having to agree, and after that all went their separate ways for years, met again to try to find out if they were Isttien walk in one way without being divided them their differences again . Thus the main theme of the film, and the scenario could be characterized by simplicity and flow events, although events were somewhat unexpected, but the film tells the story of such was not required to submit surprises. Came to drawing the characters a bit lackluster, it was not the main features of the two characters "EA" and "Layla" clear although it is assumed that each holds strong views strives to defend and confirm their authenticity before the other. By Muhammad Ali in the first experiment directorial his good job his credit, has won him the award for best director at the Alexandria International Film Festival this year, despite some errors and Alrakurat simple, but it predicts outlet good to have appointed a rich able to provide a new and refreshing. Fbsatp "technique" tags served the film very lags for "premise" that it was possible to try to resort to an attempt to self-assertion in his film debut, also was chosen for filming locations, "Allokishnz" new and comfortable to the eye, Gardens open until Alkaverat that imaging were not duplicate or boring. Performance Khaled Abul-Naga, which claimed the prize for best actor for this movie in Alexandria International Film Festival this year also continued to improve, because his ability to become a better expression, but the speed in the talk is still a barrier was not able to pass. Hind Sabri bright as usual, and what I did best in this film is that it has not made an effort "fabulous" to look spontaneous and simple, but on the contrary, was perfectly natural spontaneity, without exaggeration, did not lose its luster and personal warmth. Sameh Selim was very comfortable to the eye in photography, provide an image of the blood and light humor, aided by the decor which was a servant of the events and logically, and added another dimension of the image. Music Tamer Crown was very appropriate for the film, light and romantic, without vulgarity, and sad sometimes, and saliva of repetition in some places. The adoption of Tamer basic machinery of cello and piano, for they are the Thaoarhama a true reflection of both characters, I believe that Tamer will sit many of those who lacked the creativity and innovation in the field of film music in their homes soon, provided they do not accept everything offered him of movies so as not to fall into the trap of consumption and frequency . Participated in all elements of the film make a film is characterized by simplicity and spontaneity of the mixes made pursuant to the lightness between romantic comedy, which provided a bit of innovation is convenient for the viewer. Perhaps behind the selection of the festive season to view the film as it is an unfortunate "Movie winter" so to speak, as it carries warmer would have been to the viewer in the stillness of winter and cool better. User Rating: 4 