Leisure time since I held the hands of the propaganda poster for the film, and I'm thinking of this method of valuation of the film, they set new faces, and the first experience of authorship for the two young men, then let it be compassionate in your verdict .. But they did not write the Declaration of movie that film buffs, and when the film began I knew that the heroes themselves refuse to both teams, they would present the rules of adult films and professionals, but for them. This afternoon with the film's characters that have not got beyond the age barrier century, a group of young counted director with the beginning of the film and end in "Swing" amusement park, so see them Mustafa throughout the film, and perhaps the beginning of the film music Marwan Khoury outstanding and the end of the most scenes that led her job to the fullest. The main characters each with a Orjouhth own, and in turn swing scenario in the expression of personality to another, as reflected by the actor himself. I thank Hatem, who has faced events that severe turbulence was unable scenes live with, in crises, because of the speed of regression, which did not give Hatem chance to show something of his talent, though his reaction after separation from "him" sweetheart, and the death of his friend "Tariq" one of the strongest areas of the film somewhat, but the superficial surface led to personal feelings, not to attract the viewer with depth. Randa Beheiri was one of the figures most difficult, especially as it began with the viewer is at the top of swing, as she walked for the first time, especially the veil, which was worn only because they "heard as well as the bar for Amr Khaled .. and I regret every need of its currency," Thus, at the speed of Lightning found the next day calls for "owner" for her birthday gala ceremony, which takes off the veil. So are our personalities, then, the events of swing, but the question is felt the same representative, turned to high and low performance in itself, to keep pace with the psychological state of a role? So we find that the "description" and "Karim Qasim", with different personalities is clear, but they were able to perform with equanimity, because of their personalities through the clear. Vcefa which embodied the ideal character in the film, was able to convince us of the reasons relate to an entirely different person, and we lived with it for moments of happiness and grief honestly. But mastery of the theoretical was Amr Abed, who reincarnation of his personality to the point of autism, both in the more moments of loss with blue smoke among his friends, or it is in its purest moments of his life with his sweetheart of idealism. However, the face that was expressive during the look stolen by the body of a girl, or it is puffing smoke "shisha", was not successful in a snapshot romance with his sweetheart, and away from the facial expressions, the expression throughout the film as a whole for the poor young man who walks amid his friends rich, and dreamed their dreams, but just fails to achieve was good. A point of weakness of the film, in my view was that the Mohamed mst To try to make everything the same thing, was then for the person who flies on a hot tin, without settling on the floor w Apte nationally Lq of the viewer to analyze the film, the adventures women's cross-armpit of, and love relationships, which is forbidden frequency between religion and opening up, and approached the Astjia of mst Lh "new preachers", and whispered about the phenomenon of the veil, and the story of "Bluetooth" , Film extra, and family disintegration, and the language of young alien ... I think that leaves us in the same paragraph, you may get dizzy just read, let alone a full movie conjunction "waw" is the first hero?! "Leisure time" a good experience on a commercial scale, it is an adventure, and provide us with faces Cetksabhm Egyptian cinema with the proper guidance, but it remains Kobtalh in the last cadres Director of Photography "industrious" Samir Bhzan, hanging in a hammock, between heaven and earth, it is in the end times display vacuum heroes suffered boredom .. Vtserb despite the exit to the masses. User Rating: 3 