Paradise Now "we are dead already under occupation .. In this life we are dead anyway .. If we were not able to live equal at least can die equal ", put filmmaker Hany Abu-Assad this principle in the movie very realistic - albeit very shallowness - and over 90 minutes had managed to infiltrate us to Nablus in the West Bank to take a closer look at the real world of the executors of martyrdom operations in Palestine. Palestinians were "happy" and "immortal" friends since childhood, working together in one of auto repair shops, joined Like other young people in Palestine to one of the groups of martyrdom through which the implementation of the martyrdom operations on the occupied territories, and request to be selected in the same process to die together. The moment comes, which is selected for the implementation of a martyrdom operation is great, despite the apparent enthusiasm, the moments of fear in their eyes the desert states, including pledged to hide their tongues. Abu-Assad was able to brilliantly brings us to the lives of all the youth of Palestine who have become over time their lives revolve around the implementation of these operations, which then become a medal on the grave of the martyrs. In spite of the possibilities simple do the film, the acting Premier of the action heroes Ocarni for a moment that it provides a documentary film is no more, or that the cameras had been planted around them did not Elhzawha Vtemtawa spontaneously high and freedom of expression to give a great lesson for Hollywood stars in the art of acting! But I must also commend the failure of Abu-Assad on the use of soundtracks in the film because it increased the sense of reality, but it almost affects viewers some of the boredom in the first third of the events, especially as you describe the nature of the relationship between the friendly countries and review the personal life and family each. Gave the film a special humanitarian status to these young people when they refused to be "happy" to implement the process for the alternative after discovering that there is an Israeli girl of not more than two years was playing in the same area! May be the case dealt with some of the surface, where he focused the film on the failure of the process and how each of them went in a different direction to look for the best way to save what can be saved, but he does not spend enough time to describe the final moments for each of them with his family and his family, to show how BC the operations of of paramount importance to all young Palestinians, which has become with the passage of days the fate of the inevitable! Although few of the objections made against the film, it proved well-deserved Palestinian director Hany Abu-Assad in the development of the Palestinian cause in the eyes of the world, stressing that it deserves to win the award for best foreign film festival in Berlin in its session in 2006. But the credit of the team they were able to work and all the spontaneous and the simplicity of the method to get out their case to light, in my view, "Paradise Now" is proof that good work is the one who lead a person to the world, we hope, a successful experiment repeated. User Rating: 4 