Seekers of freedom out of the film seekers of freedom and I do not feel a sense of specific about it .. Is it a good movie? Do you actually discuss real issues and concrete, or artificial Like many similar films? And the passage of time and found four non-logical details, leads me to inquire about the director Inas El regard to the first character of the girl hope the Lebanese fleeing from the hell of war in her country and press the educated mature, as seemed to me, unfortunately, the case of sexual violence by the dominant is fully justified .. Only what we saw on the screen that this is due to the harsh conditions of the civil war that is Experienced, as well as the kidnapping of her fiance Habib .. But as we see in reality, this was the reality of the vast majority of girls and women of Lebanon in the same period .. does that mean - sorry - they are all suffering from this grave sexual violence Alaadaau ??!!! Of course not ... But it seems that Inas believes that behind all the other women's sexual problem!!! Second related to my inquiry Bamorip Sana Mouziane. Why was this space each individual song in the movie?! And that troubled many viewers even though it mainly a singer in the first place!! And is the question of musical talent which they have enjoyed personal "Souad" pre-planned, or just come to the benefit of a singer in the heroines of the film? I think that the second possibility is the strongest. "Guest of honor, Ahmed Ezz," he wrote on "Ovic" The film is then R controversial bakacad bakacad where I find that there were not a need to break into the course of events In my point of view that "Aida" painter, which plays Dalia Buhairi role to perform duplicate already we have seen in previous work, it will be able to overcome the "crisis of freedom," without the need for a man who is in her life private and that he did not support then no decision had been returned to face their problems with her ex-husband and her son back .. And continued to question him and she comes back to Paris vague for us at the end of the film. In spite of that, I thank Almighty certainly honor the movie good looks and performance of the role of Lothario, which embodies the dream of romance and containment missing for Arab women!! And IV, and not recently, was the assassination of Lebanese leader who played a role Bishara Samir Shamas at the hands of hope "Nicole Bardawil", and drop them in a very naive, like we have not seen since the fifties of the last century, which succeeded the heroic Lebanese in the killing of a knife I've made her handbag and stabbed him with multiple stab wounds, and then came out with elegance and stability in front of his palace guards to tell them that "the leader Nam .. Nobody is sobering him, "and then I resigned simply a taxi and headed for the airport" Charles de Gaulle "and returned to Lebanon directly to end its involvement altogether!! Finally, I liked the message come out of the movie:" Find your freedom is within you, before you look for in a place another .. "general assessment: 3 