Thought! Although it would take movies from the "market", and critics Sesichdoa tags that it is not a national goal of it or the value of deep psychological and all that, but I considered the film a very nice, and I was happy Ba_i_ari of the extent of the effort made by all those who have worked in it, especially the heroine Mai Ezz El-Din and director Akram Farid. And effort which I mean is the capabilities of MI that emerged through enabling them to offer three completely different personalities in the film itself, and the three on the same degree of quality and be able to, which makes me I bet everyone that this young woman will have a footprint very special in the Egyptian cinema as made by the years . When I saw this movie I remembered How did this young small we have for the first time in the movie Mohamed Fouad "Journey of Love", and referring more than once it entered the art after it requested from Fouad to represent him, and how it was shy of the angelic supported his innocence more than expressions . I found here that the experience of the past years gained in her film and television - Enter on the front at the site - made it a "dough soft" can be shaped however you want, but they are of yeast is good and the basis of sound would be any form they appear appropriate and great on it. Appeared Mai here in the personalities of the leading Effat, the girl "tomboy", at a personal dance celebrations, "butter", and girls fat of mind of a child "people", and was able to "wear" each character neatly struck me to a large degree, and made me sympathize with the moments The gushes tears in the eyes of any character from them. There is a big problem while watching the film, is that the first part, which gave the director when we goku and Myrna engineer and Ezzat Abu Ouf, Hala Fakher, and before the onset of MI in the events of the film from the ground, was at length in some of the watch, but may feel that the film could have been "be" without this part, "with regret". May feel like you've entered after 30 minutes at the beginning to see another film, and this certainly does not serve the film and the defect is severe in the scenario work and composition. For the attempts of the Egyptian directors like foreign films, I reject the idea that what I saw just over the years assures me that it failed attempts and a desperate no hope in its success, however, that the director Akram Farid is my idea of this through this film. Note: If you've seen an American film called "large shadow" or Shallow Hall to star Jack Black and Gwyneth Paltrow will be able to hold the next comparison. As Akram Farid presented through the character of "people" fat very footage such as that appeared in the movie "large shadow", such as the scene that drink the girl precious Musharoppea gas "on the same one," and the scene the other jump the "people" to the swimming pool to hit the water with great violence to the degree that a small child superseded images to the top of one of the sun shades. And his grandmother made those scenes are really funny, and distinctive tradition of "check", which makes you feel as if the Egyptian film could be on the quality of the movie world, despite the difference in the possibilities of course. Performance analog and I regret that I did not remember after the movie but to perform Mai Ezz El-Din and "creator" Hassan Hosni, despite the presence of so many stars who appeared on posters for the film! User Rating: 3 