Statement of account may be running alone for the film "statement" Find the real victim, you are wounded Suha absolute, unique or unjustly accused, you are shelter poor girl, Judge Saad or former detainee .. Or is it the young director Amir Ramses, who paid his spirit of adventure and desire scriptwriter Mohamed Refaat in experimentation to provide this kind of new films to an audience of Egyptian cinema and manufacturers. Vrmesis, who presented his first in the Cairo Film Festival "Another World" with rose, confirms for the second time that Egypt to provide a new quality of the films, which would advise him to wait to take such a step, or at least a foot down very carefully, and the tools to add to it more what you need. The scenario that Agt Submitted by the rose of Ramses, he needed a way out - with all due respect to Ramses, rose - capable of dealing with its shortcomings, the beginning of the imbalance Almnt valuable in connecting events e and characters, through the boredom that creep into the scenes of thick Rh questions popup in his mind, however, not to escalate , raising the faq t axes of his films make up writing to become the paint film Orh drama closed circular, is increasing in R. It is horizontal, not vertical Laura paint good works on the basis of strong. There is Ramses and raised we were able to convince us sympathy with Suha, the young woman lives alone in the level of material is not enjoyed by her father, the man police earlier, tragedy only in her life has been the experience of her marriage failed, which gave Ramses a larger portion of its size to focus upon, but the biggest problem in her life is their inability to have children, did not show severe impact. In spite of the master light in the portrayal of Suha, quietly here and puzzled by the permanent, but the lack of events in the Suha for Fair oz, Ath R. negatively on their relationship to the masses of the showroom, and that they were laughing at Kitt Lira in the scenes of dramatic high Fmt not moments of the presence of Suha single w M suddenly someone entering her home without the slightest effort, or the escalation of the tense music with Ruhr remained in the dark, and reiterates the end of the scene to the nothing, and the continuing atmosphere of suspense ending disappointed .. All things hit the viewer a sense of apathy towards the film and Characters. Because Suha was a key figure in the events of the film, most of the characters were linked to and used by Ramses gate to enter the world of each character, and wounded the young director what he wants at this point, but if he falls into the trap of drawing a logical relationship between Suha and those around them. Let's start our conversation about a man who detectives, her ex-husband, who control the large number of them, may raise a question inside you is innocent, Olhzh class detectives can not find something to do? To serve man - not romantic and that he beat his wife - his time in his car, watched in the dark, but are recruited from around the monitor. Strange that no logical personal presented by Ahmed Said Abdel Ghani extended until the last scenes of the film, he leaves we have made by the smile leave from in front of him with the utmost simplicity, after the fact revealed to him the counterfeit crime, which may fly with a hero of the movie Khaled Abul-Naga, or engineer unique. Unique and this is another story, and may be the most successful stories in the film, because balanced Abu Naga in the submission of the character of its past corrupt, and his attempt to atone for his sin jailed brother, and caused the deaths of many innocent people in the building who stole the materials to build, and broad maturity in the performance of views with the the evolution of his relationship Bsay. However, the weak point in that character was linked to the events of the film, for example, his reaction towards recognition of the age of masterminding the crime that was enough to eliminate him and his future was very negative, thus allowing a person tainted his reputation and hurt Bhabibth escape easily, and even forgive him. Abdul singer or age I miss is the other side of the logical, young person that has pushed the age of five years behind bars because of a mistake is deliberate painter Criminal Suha, came out in his revenge, of course, but the revenge was lackluster, as it chooses to infiltrate the world of his victim, and stay in a humiliating life abandoned his wife and his career in real, to discover suddenly that there has been in love, and justice for revenge. Plan of revenge itself, which involved the wife made by Basma, were not perfect, and the sleeping pills prescribed by Suha Juicy Bastmrarghyr logical is the other, it is became addicted to, nor was age exploits absence of consciousness in any of the acts of evil that may come in the header A man blinded by revenge. Basma wronged themselves by accepting this role, there is no area, no impact on the events that attracted him to accept it, and she herself could not sense of personality from excessive superficiality, so the end came a scene which tells the story of betrayal by her husband, and exploitation of her general assessment: 3 