Life .. Joys of when you see the first scenes of Yuri Shrine in the film, will make sure he was able to overcome the traditional roles of singer, he did not submit this role famous adore each singer, and is the story of the struggle singer poor want to marry a rich and rejects the father tries to prove himself to sing even Bhabibth can win! Yuri was the subject of Admiration of all because they did not expect this performance and put it in the ranks of the stars, and enable Yuri cleverly attract the public around the oath-bit capabilities Altmt night which he kept until he came his appropriate role, explained in a press conference following the premiere of the film, which focused on the rejection, Noor Aziz, seen from the traditional roles of stretchable Lord, in addition to being the first experiment, however, did not care to spread rapidly. Also develop the film Magdy Kamel in the position to new roles during the last by the force of the film and also a big role engine for events of the film did well when the tournament moved to the collective, which started back to the cinema again. "Life .. Joys, "which has been criticized many of the control and suffered until it was presented did not include any which makes the control stand in front of him except his name, unfortunately, as if the pleasure only sex! And, indeed, discuss the movie some sexual problems, but the most important thing in the film discuss the nature of pleasure in each individual and diversity, Vallzp is not one thing, but each of us joy and that it insisted on highlighting Manal summer. Was thrilled when Hanan Turk heroine of the film is to catch up with her father, who died on the severity attached to it while she was thrilled when her husband, Yuri Shrine is the article, but Magdy Kamel was the joy of love and science, and Menna Shalaby faltering between the amount and love the old, and the family of salary, which owns it addictive love revenge, while his wife is pining for Soad Nasr for Hajj and his daughter's wish to seek revenge. The most important characteristic of the film is logical in the sequence Voukua Yuri in the treason was logical because of the neglect of his wife as was the meeting between them after that impressive especially for Hanan paradoxical feeling of betrayal be broken, as well as their sense of reason. Prior to the recognition of a scene from Yuri film song, which was expressing a personal hero of the movie and the dramatic situation between him and his wife and explained through each problem with it. On the other side was the scene of the possibility of return Magdy Menna after they know the old messaging her boyfriend is very important especially as it is placed under the test and return accompanied by her success in the exam. But what was stranger to this atmosphere and realistic sense of the film is the disappearance of pet after that and sacrificed to the father why provide him with Yuri funds except that the author of the problem does not appear in the end was not the desire of the father in revenge enough to finish the story line of the character at this point! The scenes of a religious nature of many in the film, but for Soad Nasr justified dramatic, and the scene Hanan Turk Mnoloja receive a long way for the religious and the veil was intrusive to a large extent, may be the reason is clear that the pleasure is governed by the laws in the end. Note final: There was a problem in a montage scenes Magdi Kamel, cast his lecture, where the pieces came suddenly, without justification, as if the hero he wants to complete the interview but could not! User Rating: 4 