Messages sea after seven years of his latest film "citizen informant and a Thief," returned the director Daoud Abdel Sayed film "Messages Of The Sea", which I expected in the level of his "citizen informant and a Thief", but I saw another job, closer to the European cinema. What attracted me the most in the film created the image that the director of photography Ahmed Mursi, was more than wonderful for cinema Egyptian, especially scenes "Alnop" in Alexandria, I felt for a moment I Alnop within those that live by the heroes of the film. Expected from the artist Asser Yassin brilliant distillation of his role in the film, but I was surprised the families of more than my expectations much Vobda portrayal of "Yahya" who suffers from faltering in speech, and succeeded in captivating the transfer of tension and hesitation of the scenes in the Exhibit Hall. In a viewer which meets the captivating Yassin, one of the policemen in the streets of Alexandria for the night, "New Year" in his hand is and Oihol officer to know what he is doing, "Yahya" in the street at this time and carry, more than captivating in the value of this scene where he stumbles verbally trying to clarify command of the officers, assuring him that his identity card in his house, which stands below. I felt really Bndh artist Basma in the performance of personal Nora, Oguetanti viewer as a "prostitute" for the events, to reveal her veil in the last events of the film, the scene spoke of it with itself to reveal what they are, fads are already in the transfer of feelings conflicting, created by themselves. Although some of the scenes collected Basma captured Yassin in one apartment did not find any scene of them is out, it was all Mhahdahma in the context of the dialogue drama, did not reach the stage of scenes of "temptation", as well as scenery smile with her husband, Muhammad Kamal, can not be classified within the scenes of "nudity or temptation." Indeed, I never expected to show the artist Muhammad Lutfi, this influential role, which made me believe him literally in every scene, to submit it, was the sequel to "Cain Bully," which scares people, but he does not infringe on one of whatever it was, but more what attracted me to the role of Lutfi is performed, which I did not expect days. Was more scenes that struck me as a viewer Mchdh in the hospital, when he was preparing to undergo surgery to remove a "tumor in the brain" that could affect memory and Tmahiha, ran "Cain" on the run from the hospital dressed in operations, and sat on the sea during the "Alnop," said for "Yahya": "If the process worked Hnsy all the people and kept one else again" and with the expressions came out this scene in the finest forms. What I did not understand is the role of the artist Mai Kassab, that did not appear in the film, only four scenes only, and all the events I do not know whether the sister of "Cain" or his wife, I have not seen a new in the performance of the role of "Bz" but that it has accepted this role to just presence in the film Daoud Abdel Sayed. Composer Rageh Dawood excelled in his music that accompanied the scenes of the film, especially scenes that took care of Daoud Abdel Sayed and Ahmed Morsy, Director of Photography is "Alnop" The heavy rains in Alexandria, as well as the music scene of her escape, "Cain," Muhammad Lutfi, from the hospital. The director Dawood Abdel Sayed Vobda already in the output of all the scenes of the film without any exaggeration, but what I do not understand in the scenario and dialogue written by Abdul Sayed too vague in the events, all the events I tried very hard to understand the message that tries to Abdul Sayed directed the film, unfortunately I did not succeed in this . Throughout the events did not know what the relationship to the "Bz" Mai Kassab to "Cain" Muhammad Lutfi, "What is the content of the letter, which he found" Yahya "Asser Yassin in a bottle to the sea, it has succeeded in his attempts to translate them, and why the named the film" Letters sea " Although it is just a single message could not translate the film's hero. After relying on the events of the film and try to link them private messages sent by, I discovered that he is trying to provide many of the messages, but the viewer to find what suits him, inter alia, sends it, and indeed this is what I knew of Mr. Abdul after the special offer. Finally, I think that the film "Letters of the sea," befitting the return of Daoud Abdel Sayed, seven years after his disappearance from the arena of the output, and enter each of the Asser Yassin, Basma Mohammed Lutfi in the list of the best representatives for the year 2010. User Rating: 4 