Birds of the Nile seems that the birds were not so well during the flight, which showed the volatile mood moiety mind, and some could not complete his journey, he fell in the waters of the Nile, leaving the others alone completing Ranlhm! Things very difficult to develop an assessment of the film is located in the central region, there is a bad movie that does not have any creativity, nor is the film, which is not free of errors, which can resolve the competition in the Festival competition as big as the Cairo Film Festival. And "Birds of the Nile" belongs to those types of films that tend to pockets and good movies that contain the profiles of representative and directorial good, but it also contains some details of others understood that mar the purity of the profiles without any justification! Convert novel writer Ibrahim Aslan genius to film was not an easy thing, and calculated for Magdi Ahmed Ali boldness in the implementation of such a film, but the lack of proficiency Magdi Ahmed Ali, the conversion process properly enter the film in some of the problems. The idea of "flashback", which was adopted by the director over the events of the film through the "Narrator", hit some state of dispersion of the mind, and may be hit in a partial understanding of events during the relay schedule, but this was in the context of boredom might be detrimental to the film more of help to understand the events correctly! Adopted by the director duo "Bassima and Abdul Rahim," heroes of the film, which flesh their roles Abir Sabri, Fathi Abdel Wahab, a thing of the things invented by Magdi Ahmed Ali, where the novel were not based mainly on Bassima and Abdul Rahim, but the protagonist was a young man Abdul God nephew of Abdul Rahim. Out of this change, the events started from the beginning of the film focusing on the love affair between Abdul Rahim Bassemen, and then moved away events slowly for the duo, and after noon in the first half of the film Kaaahqan been linked by a relationship of love with large, only appearing in half of the second film a mere two patients with the disease bringing them together! Also of the negative things in the film that details that did not carry any meaning, it was serious, challenge largely without any value, such as the scene in which they appear the word Shakespeare's To Be Or Not To Be, What is the motive for the appearance of those words with the exciting sights focused on the relationship between Abdul Rahim and his wife new week honey! What according to these words with a scene dealing with the wife's pills! Also, Magdi Ahmed Ali did not clarify the time dimension of events, leaving viewers trying to find out the time go when those events, the time is not clear only in the appearance of people wearing Jellalib white divorced beard, who represent Islamic groups that have spread in the late seventies and early eighties under the management of government. Highlights the positive side, the film was analog, where the finest of all staff, without exception, in their roles, which is definitely something calculated to Magdi Ahmed Ali as well. Fathy Abdel Wahab proved that he can take responsibility for starring film, and although the tournament mass somewhat, Fathi was the most visible and most present, and deserved to be a hero of the film. Provided Abir Sabri performance special film, explain where they were not affected by period of absence of the great departed the representation, but had to return to play a more subdued, it is not logical to show Abeer veil on television programs in the beginning of the year, and then appear at the end of clothes sexy in the arms of a hero! We must pay tribute to the great Balphenanp Dalal Abdul Aziz on the role of "Narcissus", and the artist Mahmoud soldier who made the role of "Bahi", they already Ocaroni we still have great artists, are able to get along with young stars in modern movies. I want to refer to something referred to by Magdi Ahmed Ali in the seminar that followed the film, where I saw the film in view of journalists in the Hotel Cairo Film Festival Cinema "Good News" complex "Grand Hyatt" and disturbed me a lot not to sound quality art cinema, which made me sometimes resort to the translation written in English to understand the events! User Rating: 3 