46 - Movie Name: A few good man Rating: 9 / 10 Movie: The movie clearly reflects the serious difference between the implementation of military orders and listen to the conscience .. Conflict principles, where values clash with the military code of honor and human values. Facts of the case are: At midnight on the sixth of September entered the defendants room barracks for their colleague Balveselp soldier first class (William Santiago) awoke him, then tied his arms and legs with tape and enter the cloth ring after several minutes resulted in a chemical reaction called (acid lactic) to bleeding lungs and drowned in his blood .., His death was declared in the twelfth and 37 minutes from the middle of the night These are the facts of the case and there is no doubt about its veracity. The story that I have said now is the same story that Stsamaunha Lance Corporal of the defendants and the soldier and also the same Stsamaunha of attorney. Moreover, the government will prove that the defendants entered the military structure and murder by poison at dawn cloth. The Alan LT will try to establish enough magic trick here and try to Tdilelkm Sibhrkm rules official appearance as a punishment (red) and may try some of the names of officers you. But would not have any evidence do not worry for him and when we get all the magic world it can not distract your attention from the fact that Santiajawa died and that Dawson and Downey, its dead ..!! These are the facts of the case do not doubt its accuracy. Events taking place this film in the courtroom you have summed up a big part in the small dialog which has already been mentioned above in the context of the events of the film. Synopsis: Kofi (Tom Cruise) and a military lawyer Lieutenant Junior did not stand in court to plead never before ..! Be handed over the task of defending two of the forces (Marines) of the naval base (Guantanamo B), Cuba, they killed a third soldier under their guard under the name of punishment Red.!! The story is not Palmakdp or ambiguous, but one that requires the lawyer to do his work to the fullest, How will the lawyer is known golf courses and sugar ..!! Directed by film Excellent gave us the Rob Reiner meal movie almost gave up of defects, a personal opinion about action heroes: (Tom Cruise) one of his best roles ever, if not the best really .. many of the scenes I liked and repeated more than once, the greatest scene by scene is a drunken man ..!! Really amazing was the role of an arbitrator the man who began to despair alternative inside it will inevitably fail and that all his attempts ended in failure actually at least until now. Magnificence of the scene begins when the lawyer discovers that there is Kofi information is very important in the case has not been known to add except that the last witnesses of the case committed suicide He began a military dialogue between Tom Cruise and Demi Moore, saying Markinson died. Problem is that he did not link the same bond of shoes did not cut his veins with a knife ..! This man wore the uniform of a full stop and then the middle of the room and pulled a gun from his pocket and placed a bullet in his mouth. Given that our witnesses have finished that I drink a little ..! ) I can only tell you that he was nominated for an Academy Award with the number of scenes that he did not exceed the number of fingers of one hand ! Leading role very aptly, Listing is not brought to the general and his pride in himself and that the protector of the country from the threat of Cuban, every scene from the scenes of Jack in this movie is a great lesson for all those enamored of representation .., many of the scenes were influential dialogues small may make turns in the movie I liked so much his mastery of the role of non- interested in what he does present the Court but that it may terrify everyone in the court look only one ..! I'm quite sure that if I explain the premise of the five will not watch Tcfhini brief commentary, while I was browsing through the forums for fans noted that Jack Nicholson evaluated this movie. Demi Moore) Demi Moore made a very nice role, I liked very interest in and to the soldiers of the government assigned the task of protecting them as I liked Mchdha with Jack Nicholson when he started talking in a way interrogation and he does not care about their word and when her voice rose a little the answer (be careful of your tone of voice). 