44 - Movie Name: The Secret in Their Eyes Rating: 10/10 "All sorts of men, are subjected to change, may change their shape, their wives and their homes, and perhaps their religion or their Lord, but one thing constant does not change, a passion, I have a good job and a woman love me, but I leave all this and came to destroy my drink, I can not change because that's what I love it, it's passion! " Before announcing the films nominated for Academy Awards in 2010 I never heard the name of this movie! But I have not heard already Argentine film ..! After the announcement of nominations in the period between the announcement of nominations and awards have never heard of fanfare about the movie everyone was talking about the avatar, and Cameron, on the one hand, and Catherine and Treasury pain on the other hand they share for 9 Oscars for their films to make them modern newspapers, forums and gatherings, movie, Earlier period, specifically after the Awards Cannes International control was for the film German Austrian (white band) and got the Golden Palm, the festival was the other focus of attention, modern and time, then I have not heard about any foreign film Sawa film (the Prophet) the French and during all the previous period did not pass the name of the movie or read about any article or reference, or even in the news somewhere. After the Oscars exploded as one of the surprises that the film festival and perhaps foolish, in my view one of the positives of such a farce. You are upset by the festival and the awards were strongly distributions completely contrary to all expectations, or to transfer most of the expectations, I stopped for a period of watching any movie, especially those that won at the Oscars, Strangely enough, the week following the festival was not talking about something as far as the modern prevailing in the forums about the film Argentine, this one hand and on the other celebrations of the Argentine film at a high level even more than 7% of the Argentine people as a whole saw the film to be the first film Argentine highly rated large number of his fellow movie and more revenue in the history of Argentina ..! All this made me even more just for my decision and I see this film. Benjamin Esposito, a former investigator for the Office of retired judges talk and discuss a bushy Lira get it out of work for unity and calm Ieichehema killers who decides to write to actually begin writing a novel based on her writing make the Mnatt laps in his previous life and took the most important Mnatt Finn in his previous life, one murder and the other a love story that combines Almnatt Fein not only their presence at the same time period in the life of Esposito and even psychological and Tot Erhma At these events in it i Lebaa over the occurrence of Ha faq t 25 years.!! Herein lies the magnificence of the film is truly a wonderful year 2009 and that it is to be the last film I see him for that year at least at this writing, I do not want that went on to talk about the film so as not to burn events, Film falls under the category of Action, thrill, romance, mystery and drama are all very simply and this is the equation of the film successful manufacture simply and aesthetic offering one of the greatest films the past decade. Scenario and dialogue film both the strong point of the film music film, although I said it once existed have requested to the fullest , Performance of the representatives was more than wonderful, the question now is what was would get this movie if it was an American film within ten films nominated for Oscar day, make-up is commendable amount of the outstanding work and perfection that you make in this film film is walking on two Dramyin one present and the other before 25 years old and this is what make up the team managed to memorize it very aptly, Director Juan Jose Campanella has done a very excellent as he participated in writing the work is sufficient to say received an Academy Award amid a true comparison with the films deserved really exist in the festival. Overall, a great film and a visual icon enormous worth seeing and worth drawing attention around where and when there was talk film for a film. About movie: * The film won the Oscar in 2010 for best foreign language film. * The film won 34 international awards. * The film is the second film by director Juan Jose Campanella nominated for an Oscar. * The second film in the history of Argentina wins an Academy Award. * View more film in the history of Argentina. * Income movie list (imdb) for the best 250 film in history. 