45 - Movie Name: The White Ribbon Rating: 10/10 There are many films that discussed the situation the German Nazis, whether from within the field of Hollywood or from outside, but the majority confined films in Nazi Germany and its crimes and others went to Germany communist transitions and Germany after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the other focused on the life of Hitler or his last days and Ot Ruff these films were not commercial films without the name of which Nazi Germany or even become baseball's Hollywood Almt in crime ..! Days but have you seen a movie for you to describe what the Nazis so! What are the psychological contract with them that have arisen from small and led them to be so violent and racist! This is by Austrian Michael Haneke in the movie:: white ribbon. The White Ribbon. Unlike other films that talk about Germany did not start the movie from the First World War, but beyond that, and specifically to the year 1913 in the village of Protestant northern Germany, where the film begins with a group of strange events that occur in that village German professionals starting trying to kill the village doctor, through incidents of many and horrible and very strange.!! Shows you the movie German society and the Pacific Almt to portray and ducks Rivth Almt mechanism ostensibly to get us to the significance of the film, a cold war in the souls of the Interior Fall Ot the village of violence and repression, and doubt, and psychological terror, which passed on German e generations until we get to that in the end of the film to the news of the assassination of Crown Prince of Austria in Bosnia that the real spark that ignited the First World War and the movie stops right there!! Film is not of movies mystery that unfolds its secrets in turn with the line of work, but it's provocative work concludes that make you all that before and after these incidents and the enigmatic alien that occurred in the year preceding the first world war. Directed work wonderful music wonderful shot montage that has been converted to black and white sheep made you really feel you're in that period of time, the analog performance of the wonderful painting of all of the children appeared. Michael Haneke says that the tape is a film about the "twenty-four lie in the second" However, the remainder Sinmah more attached to truth, even if violent terrifying. Overall, the movie cinematic masterpiece one of the most artistic films last year, deteriorating, especially in Hollywood. ps: the entire movie was filmed in color and in the production stage was decided to convert to black and white. 