Movie Name: The Queen, after four and twenty award received by Helen Mirren on the representation of the role of Queen Elizabeth II "is still alive," has increased my enthusiasm is great to watch this work, or more precisely to see Helen, but what I saw was something I never thought he was in the film The Queen, In short, the film tells about the death of Princess Diana and what happened to the British people and echoed by their reaction to the royal family to ignore this command, I did not know that the political conditions in the United Kingdom at that moment, but the Queen! Elizabeth! I do not know what you've seen exactly this personal, Queen? A woman? Mother? Jeddah? Child? I do not know what this scenario to the fact that the great depth to this character! Morgan has done here in building a personal Queen Elizabeth, is the work worth it simply the best scenario for this year and one of the best scenarios for the millennium at all, the movie is talking about Queen Elizabeth, Queen, which has balance to her position and maintain the traditions of her kingdom built by their fathers and ancestors, and vulnerable women, which does not know why people love to Princess Diana and stripping, which was born by the sense of jealousy, and grandmother, who is trying to Baksary effort to make her grandchildren forget is the death of their mother, is so do not want them to hear anything about it, no newspapers and no radio, Elizabeth is the Queen, who cried and Nkerha people within them, is that the girl became the queen of a great kingdom and lost her identity to become the Queen and Queen only, until such time as the anger of the people, and wants to deny and turn over this kingdom of the Republic! Queen on a cliff just for maintaining the ancient traditions, but they did not know one thing, people change and thinking also changed, it is time to change the thinking of the Queen or change! I do not see a scenario may make His character, this professional, art, depth, ES scenario stages of success, several personalities have made this film image from the reality of art cinema Maybe we here pay tribute to what he did in making Ahsith Morgan Elizabeth, but who can embody? Helen Mirren, possessed the hearts of viewers, possessed the hearts of people, possession of awards, then she herself became Elizabeth, is undoubtedly the Queen appropriate for this film, she did not represent or reflect or take on, is the united character of Elizabeth, were united in this spirit and become a queen, or, Jeddah, child, Elizabeth, I do not know that you'll end Tinaa out, but I'll stop, according to Michael Sheen in the role and making representation serious quite impressive and ... Sorry I can not speak for representation more after watching for Helen, I will stop, but the scenario and Helen Sidilon immortal as the stars of 2006, and not one dared to compete. Rating: 9.25 / 10 