Contempt wrote: Ahmad Abou El Fadl, Rating: 5 out of 5 Starring: Brigitte Bardot, Michel Piccoli, Jack Palance, Fritz Lang Directed by: Jean-Luc Godard (1963) Moving the film in two lines overlap, the first line: Jerry Product U.S., which seeks to produce a film about the Odyssey and entrust him out of the Austrian Fritz Lang, who play the role himself, but Jerry is not pleased with what helmed Lang of the scenes look from the point of view profoundly Ffinetha, so assisted by the French writer Paul to rewrite some of the scenes and edit them, trying to film a commercial success. The second line: the author and his wife, and play a role Brigitte Bardot, where accepted by the task of modified scenario with some having, in the beginning of the film says his product that he knows he needs the money, because he heard that his wife is very beautiful, this bow shown by the writer to the the task of the inferiority of character for money, making it eligible for the contempt of his wife, do not know that for sure, But it seems that this is the main reason for his contempt for Brigitte. The film in a linear, angry, indignant, quizzical, sad, and through the lines speak Godard relations, for its star Almqdilp and his wife Anna Karina / Penelope, for the gods - in reference to the producers - and all heroes legends who braved the grip, for Odysseus, for fresh look at the Odyssey of Homer does not show where Penelope innocent as we think, Godard speaks for itself, and for the cinema. Godard speaks for contempt, That feeling which holds producers like Jerry who gave him for the first time a large budget for this film compared to Bassabak production, and from the experience of self-imposed by the producer of the film, it was Godard evacuated obliged to take off for Brigitte Bardot, her response, Verdk Godard scene opening inspiring sit where Brigitte and is in bed naked next to her husband, Ask Do you like my feet? My ass? My chest? My face? All in my face? Eyes? My mouth? My ear? And moving the camera on the body as if naked Brigitte Godard addresses such as Jerry in contempt and clearly, "Are you satisfied now?" And in light of the experience the film production and movie experience Odyssey, which revolves around the events, identifies the barriers between reality and movie, it appears clearly in a scene Alttrut acoustic opening, we see Francesca - one of the film's characters - and is going to come to us from afar, and on the left of the camera crew film during the filming of the scene on the way the film into a film. The center of the film scene in the house long between the writer and his wife asks her about the reasons for the change her feelings towards him, does not seem to know why exactly, and we with him as well, wonder and despised, sad and does not show is the sympathy, Ptozm scene, does not seem that there are answers, Godard does not arise in the film, just like what he suffered from Fritz Lang conquer creative, yes there is a great scenes, But can not see Godard Rebel behind all this anger and sadness, behind all of this disdain. 