Rachel Getting Married wrote: Ahmed Abdel Wahab Rating: 5 out of 5 Starring: Anne Haitawai, Rosemarie DeWitt Director: Jonathan Demi (2008) for a great performance of "Anne Haitawai" nominated for the most awards and represented a major role on her Oscar nomination in 2008. Here plays the role of "Kim" by permission of days out of rehab for prescription drug addiction to attend the wedding of her brother, "Rachel" .. Is the title misleading? Does the "Rachel" is the heroine? Return "Anne Haitawai" or "Kim" to her family home to find the wedding preparations and a lot of strangers, is this receiver Is this worthy of a reward for nine months of recovery?! .. Trying to "Kim" to integrate, to prove its presence, can play a role Khqiqp single for the bride, to be today, the runner for the bride. Even the role that counted was robbed of its right, no longer a "Kim" is present, no longer in the account. "Kim" Today, on the margin, the most important event is the wedding of Rachel, the wedding is the hero. In the titles of the end Yahya director "Jonathan Demi," the late great filmmaker "Robert Altman". In the most important films, "Altman" The event is a hero, but here I do not think that the veteran director "Jonathan Demi" He wanted something for the wedding far beyond being a dominant event, is the only stumbling block in the way of the heroic agent merge .. "Kim" marginalized "Actually, no holds on the screen as it acquires the wedding ritual. I do not recall a film succeeded - deliberately - in the marginalization of the heroine of this film has also been successful. Is an exceptional film did not receive enough credit, has been neglected for the same reasons that made me see an exceptional wedding ceremony between the U.S. with European and U.S. features with African features, concert Amer Indian Bt arc, and friends of all ethnic origins, oriental music playing in the house i And the movie ... why? There is no reason, not so important, do not reflect the film's characters from the majority of the public and do not reveal to them i arc the minority. Characters are the film does not pretend the past decade and does not cause any differ astonishing. You can see, the groom black successful businessman, black-skinned in this film notable personalities in and around .. Does that signify? I could not find any indication of that, it is not necessary that there be significant. Can suggest great ambition of the author of the film "Jenny Omit" - the daughter of veteran filmmaker "Sydney Omit" - to create a different scenario. Truly amazing is the ability of the director "Jonathan Demi" that in turn make different films. Hyperbolic dialogue in automatic, jumps over the words, voices overlap. The camera also follows what happens much of the documentary, approaching as much space available to them. Able to clear "Jonathan Demi" in the appropriate representatives of their roles, their personalities and logical despite the lack of presence on the screen to see the father's wife "Carol" or the sister of the groom. Completely convinced that you invited a stranger in the house abuzz with those who do not know .. I do not find what you're doing the camera Vttjol between rooms, each room you may find people can not find what he is doing and sat, not bet on the importance of what he does each representative, bet on the logical existence and his spontaneity. On the surface is a film without a plot of the ceremony begins and ends with him and a movie, but in every scene reveals a hot spot for many, points that are arranged does not affect the hierarchy of events but it does affect your vision for the heroine and their interaction with the vicinity of the wedding. Unrelenting pace and less hot spots before the movie ends not just time, did not consider it a defect at all, as the title says, the hero here is the wedding and we are committed to co-exist until the end. 