The Lives of Others wrote: Slumdog Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Starring: Ulrich Miwa, Martina Gidik, Sebastian Koch Director: Florian Henckel von Donrschmark (2006) film, which won an Oscar European in the presence of the return of Almodovar and won the Oscar Academy in the presence of a maze del Toro is a great film .. The first work of young German Florian Henckel von Donrschmark us back more than two decades back to meet Balnguib Gerd Faessler client's secret police in East Germany, who dedicated his life to tracking down people who threaten the ruling regime in the period before the fall of the Berlin Wall .. Assigned Grubisz boss after attending a play by the playwright George Dreiman German writer under control directive of the Minister of Culture, which his mind doubts about a mile writer of political dissent .. With a long journey to control the man .. Faessler Dreiman discovers that it is not the kind that is supposed to control .. It is important during Mnattvin Dreiman passes them to his wife and his friend, director prestigious .. The man would find himself playing a crucial stage of his life when he sends a note to one of West Germany Newspapers fuel the anger of government officials at the time .. turn the beliefs and perceptions Faessler himself to freedom of opinion and human expression .. Donrschmark ability to play the transition to a large extent offset the shortcomings of the text in the District itself .. A character such as Faessler been established with these skill exposed to sudden coup (artificial) during the (relatively short) of the events do not make this coup quite logical .. But Donrschmark managed (through a room in the roof of a building and wrapped around the camera man eavesdropping on the lives beneath the eyes and expressive language of striking a very Ulrich Miwa) of the text to break a deadlock on this point .. And make us live a kind of persuasion coup man .. This (Alivtaalip) was more difficult than to be overcome in two scenes Ijarajia others Faessler, one with a young boy in an elevator and another with the Christa Maria at the bar .. And although this film is owned by highlighting the creative energies of this young German in the granting of the image that we see before us not forget the taste .. With pieces of music as if the making of the film for it .. Building emotional Excellent .. The end of the style that you adore .. And performance (Hopkinzi) by the great Ulrich Miwa .. In one of the best films of the millennium. 