Bus drivers wrote: Mohammed al-Masri Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Starring: Nour El Sheriff, Mervat Amin, Emad Hamdi Directed by: Atef Tayeb (1982) most of the problems in Egyptian movies - even the great ones - one, matters related to technology .. Zbt lighting, or pieces of montage or the timing of the presence of music - but quality as well - and other related ideas and try to focus always on the "meaning" - to the point of preaching - and put many of the lines beneath it, and confirmed the initiation of annoying, for example: if we get here scene gathered friends at the foot of Pyramid of the narrative memories of October victory .. Leaving aside the music and the national anthem on the Egyptian scene Alvenalp .. We were able to come to terms with technical problems in imaging Said Shimi and music just Bakir, this is one of the greatest films I've seen in my life! In the Shakespearean drama that I can not dodge King Lear during Atef fascinating to see the good - in the second film only! - Several minor issues: first, the literary value conferred by - even inadvertently - to his story, the hero who uphold the values no longer exist and tries to fix things crumble around him - along the lines of ancient Greek heroes of the theater - .. Back to the father at the moment of his inability to after being expelled from an old workshop / Kingdom - along the lines of relationship with King Lear and his daughter Cordelia in Shakespeare's play - .. Down to the end of the complete nature of the tragic / epic of the story, is the second point in the approach to social transformation within Egyptian society after the end of the seventies and the impact of economic openness it .. With the exception of a few scenes had occurred the least amount of direct and through the story allows that strongly, the third aspect of the details .. Those details are very realistic and give the identity of what we see and know as "the Egyptian film", "These are our people" .. These are people who see them in the bus or on the street or under the roofs of homes .. These when we see them on the big screen we interact with them than many of those who see them in the country is not Kordhana, here am awed by the details of the street .. Roads .. Places .. Transport .. Clothing .. Food .. Habits .. The method of dialogue, fascinating scenery of a cross-Kemsri He gets tickets or another of the hero attends a tea from the coffee to drink it in the bus, am awed by the idea that "these are our" and that the trio, which was an essential part of a wave of realism in Egyptian cinema (Atef good .. Mohammed Khan - writer of the story here - .. Bashir parents) have expressed to us over the limit and exquisite performances from everyone .. Nur al-Sharif, especially the performance of his career in very exceptional and Emad Hamdi in the last and best roles .. Maybe I could not quite come to terms with the problems that I see it, but I - at that moment at least - can be overcome: this movie is a great 