The Seventh Continent wrote: Abdulaziz Starlet rating: 5 of 5 Stars: Daite Berner, Birgit States, Udo Samil Directed by: Michael Hnique in 1989 in the beginning of the vacuum and filled with surprising, minutes and beats .. Where car washing machine seem to be in the midst of the deadly silence a witness to an orphan life .. Life? ! .. Not less than the floor once again .. !! Michael Hnique in launching his career with exciting cinema .. Wigley violently to violence .. And tells the story .. A story about a German family consisting of the father and mother and little girl .. Spend the first ten minutes with the family without seeing the face of one of them .. Valojoh and names in this film is not that important .. ! The life of this small family, topped with red tape and inertia and apathy sometimes .. And there is a screen in front of TV spend some time and then go to sleep .. And in the morning like a pro Bmwal yesterday where the husband goes to work and also the wife and little girl go to school .. But something happened on that day .. Where the girl in front of her teacher claimed she was blind, in the moments you clearly reflect that the vacuum, and the excitement that this little girl needed him in the deadlock that is applied .. Passing year, and the other followed, and the new machine car wash where the days are similar to each other except some of the developments which were accompanied in their work .. Or what might they see or hear about the lives of others in their work or perhaps in the street and go through the back of the house and him ... This happened in one night where they were on their way back to the house where they passed a traffic accident ugly, full of regret that the nature of the atmosphere, a mixture of depression and anxiety, where here and in the very moment begin to questions about the meanings of life and overall significance of them .. Those questions that will be aggravated later .. After visiting the husband and his parents with his family after years of absence, the couple planned to surprise their decision to move to Australia, or at least that's what everyone least the tags, their parents .. Their work .. Everyone, but the truth were not in Australia are very intent, it is somewhere far from Australia, where that beach Pacific Tersoa the dreamer who lives worried Finally .. The beach that you do not reach him until death and get rid of those dull life worried .. It is a big question .. What is the point of life if this boredom, and apathy .. And pain? So Death is a given that the beach .. Where peace finally ...... This was what he wanted to say .. Henkih It has been shown, from time to time visualization of the beach, bearing in mind that the goal from the beginning .. What a revolution that was announced by the couple, it was the resolution of mass destruction all the features of life in their home, furniture, clothing, pictures. Memories and even the aquarium, cracking and breaking and destruction .. All the violence and there is a paradox. That this wholesale destruction of that evidence .. It is the only thing in the film, which stands for life .. Ckbha .. Raised .. This has been a destruction .. Revolution is boring .. Boredom .. The monotony .. He was the life; in the midst of life was the title of clinical death .. And significance of the mere passage of days .. And resistance to life, just for that transit, which ends a firm to death .. Where everything is authorized to Itguetlk .. Needle .. A car accident .. Or maybe the pyramid and in age .. So what is the point of all the suffering .. It is a revolution .. The bizarre seems logical .. !! Last scenes of the film was ugly and scary .. Suicide is a way .. Where the child first injection during sleep .. Address them and then the wife a handful of drugs .. Finally, the husband ..! Side optical film in an innovative amazingly, the camera was a major sticking Henkih all the magic and the manifestation of a paper .. Montage in my opinion is the most impressive visual phenomenon and innovative .. Henkip have sophisticated machining and Time .. Music!! No place for music in this movie .. ! In brief, this film won the prestigious Great great in all aspects .. Technical, narrative, technical and deserved to be in my opinion, is a movie icon to cinema Hnique .. This film, which is the first part of his trilogy snow. 