A Prophet wrote: Mohammed al-Masri Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Starring: Tahar Rahim, Neil Arestrup, Adel Ben Sharif Director: Jacques Audiard More Movies 2009 burdensome in connexion seen is one of the best from the moment of the end of the e, follows the journey the prisoner French is of Arab origin " Alajabinp owner "and the changes that i saw during the six years inside the prison later became a criminal, a real drawing R. Kitt Lira from that moment he entered the here is innocent, despite everything, in the best scenarios for the year in my opinion offers Jack Oodbar behavioral study a great personality, "owner", consumed the first half hour of the film in building deep to create that personal Stsahbna then: Bara AH appeared to them when entering the world of jail .. Pressure or imposed by a gang of Italian prisoners ask him to kill another Arab .. Violent attempt to escape from such a request .. The full sense of siege .. The end of one of the greatest scenes of 2009, when Arab actually killed the prisoner and then changed forever, the owner did not "choose" the path traveled by .. Rather, it "impose" upon some, try all means to escape it, but did not Istt P decided to proceed to the end, in the subsequent phase kept pace with the personal and reality of criminal new tracks Oodbar quietly - and through the performance of seasoned and mature i Lahr Rahim - trying to penetrate this strange world and how to become a duck him faq t w Ge and stiffness through every minute at that stage, especially with the budget - very impressive - among the growing strength and influence of the owner of the hand .. And the beginning of the collapse of the Cesar - the Italian leader of the gang inside the prison - on the other hand, the owner was aware that it can not become strong in the midst of this world without relying on identity and ethnic origin to the close of his fellow Muslims more .. Sheltering them and become a "prophet" - in direct verbal critic - in this reality, but not selected by the similarity of him without a real capacity to reconcile full or full flight, Jack Oodbar in the fifth film offers an odyssey very deep .. Elude those partial adore her for the conflict, "destinies" that we want and "predestination" imposed on us, for those options that have not Nchterha but has become a reality, servant of the text - the great actually - the weight of pull me no less coherent gives a lot of detail and realism is impressive, This is one of my films, French favorite in the new millennium .. 