Looking for Eric wrote: Mohammed al-Masri Rating: 3 of 5 Starring: Steve Iewitz, Eric Cantona Director: Ken Loach (2009) "It all began with a beautiful Pass .. from Eric Cantona" I love this work in spite of all what I found its obvious flaws, Manchester United's living legend, "Eric Cantona" give him a distinctive charm and reservoirs, even if not in the film - far away from him - any distinction, Ken Loach - film director fronds was 2006 - he had an idea .. Genius and amazing in my opinion, two .. One of them off the ball and one of the most important Osat seen in an attempt to celebrate football represented him memories of the glory Cantonese in the nineties, the other line on the life of the family English Broken attempt to sketch a picture of the community Albrait I contemporary life postman - that is named "Eric Bishop" - which is "Eric Cantona" is Wasit Dysarthria and personal and when things go wrong so it can not be imagined Eetmt for him - treated him with imagination to reality Watch - Manchester United star in his room .. Talked to him about his life, his family and his personality and tries to fix things with him, and besides that tells him - in the best times of the film - his recollections of the ball, Manchester, England .. And the most beautiful moments of his life, the problem is evident in the work not only in that the impact of the first line - football - on the second is not clear and is almost non-existent .. But more importantly, the story line in the film is fragile from the ground up .. Weak and superficial and unimportant and performances heroes bad clearly, those who watched / Ciecahdoa this film came to Cantona and the story of a Watch surface postman did not raise their interest for a while, but on the other side there is what makes this film worth seeing - just for the lovers of the ball - .. There is Eric .. There are moments of nostalgia and special appreciation to the football .. There are minutes witch is the only value of the work where Cantona appears on the screen and talking! For me .. Forget this film after a period, you will not see him Secondly, it is not an important film, but I love him with that, and if we exclude that the presence of "cantons" is sufficient reason for it .. The other reason would certainly be this scene, where the postman asks the great football star for the most beautiful moment in his life .. That the moment she became the greatest convergence between the ball and cinema between what I saw in my life .. 