A Prophet wrote: Bushra Mohammad Rating: 4 of 5 Stars: Tahar Rahim, Neil Arestrup Directed by: Jacques Audiard (2009) inspired by the outlines of the personality of Michael Corleone in Icon Movies, gangs and crime, The Godfather tell us Jacques Audiard's film V - winner of the Jury Special Cannes - the story of six years, "articulated" in the life of the owner of the cheese (Taher, Most Merciful) the prisoner is a young French Arab assets. This is a film about the assassination of innocence .. Malik was possessed of "innocence" Maimknh of people to become better than they became him, but the painful reality within the prison to no such word in the dictionary .. Through death or through crime are the only options, and the owner had to choose. There is a significant social dimension in the scenario written by Jacques Audiard and Thomas Bidegain, Hands of the French police in which bilateral both "internal" which transformed the prison - Pfsadha - to forest governance of the strongest, or "foreign", which failed - the rope leaving them at liberty to prisoners visitors - to protect society from evils, Through his choice of a French Muslim Arab origin to be the main character - Under the mandatory path for the character and all the surrounding mold - Audiard is at least partially account for the oppressed Muslims always referred to the finger by the French society. If the social dimension of the scenario A Prophet has added to what he has done the work of the religious dimension of the scenario is exactly the opposite .. At the symbolic level is the fully intercalated, and at the level of treatment itself is lacking a clear vision in bilateral French religious knowledge which enables them to work properly on those partial "fixed" in the Islamic faith There are moments of unforgettable cinema in this work .. Looks forward-thinking owner of the window behind the vehicle that carried him to prison .. Fresh air of freedom, which inhaled in the first night out .. Cesar seat occupied by two prisoners near the end .. Auto Login "prestigious" of the cadre in a scene the end .. On top of all of these moments came twelve minutes, which begins to order the owner to kill Cesar kindergarten and ends with the completion of the task. Representations at the level of performance the body of French veteran Niels Arestrup personal Cesar Luciani is an excellent leader of the prison, while the superior performance delivered by Tahar Rahim here one of the best things that happened in a year in this film. 