Lacombe Lucien wrote: Ahmed Abdel Wahab Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Starring: Pierre Blaise, Aurore Clément, Holger to Ovinadler Directed by: Louis Finance (1974), "Lacombe Lucien" rejected by the French Resistance view cometh the Nazis to join them. Opened by French director "Louis" capital film heroine "Lucian" cleans floors inside the house to care for the elderly, does not take long until you feel how it is boring profession does not fit the ambitious rural teenager. Waiting for Lucien the opportunity to escape from the stagnant life in the countryside of southern France, is practiced fishing days to kill the boredom. Take the "Lucian" the gun that he inherited from his father, absent to catch the rabbits, rabbit hunting is not precious for him, are the objects minimum, this does not suit his ambition anyway. Seems to grief in the eye of "Lucian" For the first time when he sees the dead horse, horse for him is the highest object of life, and also thought "Lucian" itself, deserves a better life. Live in the south of France during World War II a new experience for him, the war to an exciting game surrounded by mystery. Is not important for a teenager to determine a position on what is going on around him, the most important is to participate, to become a key player. Accession to the conflict gives him an instrument of manhood and the only teenager in the village outcast. Finally he can use his gun as he was more important than hunting rabbits, but do not see the French Resistance more than a teenager;. Curiosity, and when led by chance to the Nazis often does not hesitate to accept their offer to join them. For the first time will gain the respect of others, the weapon he was carrying no longer to terrorize the rabbits. Now presented himself as the aristocracy: "Lacombe, Lucien" and wearing clothes that made him the luxury tailor the Jewish fugitive from Paris. As the Nazis take advantage of protection against Khayat, take advantage of "Lucien," his influence the new approach to the tailor's daughter, but he still feels that it is inferior, it is believed "Lucien," that his influence is all they have to gain the admiration of Jewish Blonde. Adolescence is one of the themes of choice for the director of "Louis" capital and the curiosity of teenagers is always a source of excitement, as in his post-World War also, "Goodbye, little children" 1987 was a hero, "Louis" capital little danger decides to hover around him. War too complex to be comprehended by them, the absurdity of war than to take her young children seriously. Enjoying the "Lucian" near the danger, moving here and there, see the picture more and clearer, but it does not change, so made, "Louis" capital film very smoothly in rhythm and visual expression and a clear incitement to multiple interpretations. Moving "Lucian" smoothly, is clearly seen, but do not understand, the war begins and ends without error and decide what is right, years of war is not the right time in order to grow young. 