Output is no longer wrote: Mohammed al-Masri Rating: 4 of 5 Stars: Yahya potter, Farid Shawki, Laila Alawi, Tawfiq Adakkn Directed by: Mohammed Khan (1984) Khan in films - especially the first of them - there Cairo .. Many of the details of Cairo .. Paparazzi and its contradictions and its features and privacy .. His anger and love for her .. Compelling interest of all directors of his generation did not expressed a like, In one of the bouts of anger it out to the countryside is no longer .. Khan tells us written panel appears at the beginning of the film "may have been figures of fantasy, but trust that the places of reality", is clear from the beginning .. Places where a hero of his heroes .. Is probably the ducks For the first, and in the film images almost entirely "external" and not in the studio can understand that the story first and foremost about the places faq t being of persons, Nostalgia and clear for the life of the countryside and bias to the extent Altt rack there, Paradise also comes on the lips of "plums" in a scene from viewer, or rather the life of the simplest Bkt Seen and are far less than in the city and feel "Att Ye" in every moment of him there, where life is trying to enjoy everything no matter how simple a. .. Even if the "Fava Beans" is made by Kamal Beah, life with the rhythm of calm and colors of the purest and the music divine, life Injaz her Khan - even with knowledge of the idealism of the picture drawn by - and side with her hero "gift" in the end, after he came here to sell their land and return .. Came out of the city is no longer .. Learned at the hands of Khan that the place is always part of the story, and talk about the food or its preparation is at least a scene in every film, and details strewn amid what happens most of what is happening, and that the old songs for sounds like Umm Kulthum and Asmahan and Leila Mourad, Abdel Wahab always present, All of this is here and heavily .. Therefore would not be surprised if one day, Khan said that this film is more "fun" during the ejected .. Because it is clearly one of the "most interesting" of his films in connexion seen, and really important that Khan did not try to give the film any theorizations not endured, the film is simple and quiet and biased to green countryside, comedy may be the best in history and tried to inventory all the love through the story of severe rug E is gaining importance - as a movie - details of which it is conferred, and magnificent chemistry between ducks LES .. Farid Shawki, at the earliest roles to my heart at all, and Yahya Fakhrani Ptlqaiith surprising, even the things that bother me - as music, Kamal Bakir in the opening of the movie, or some corners Tariq Tlemceni - did not affect much appreciation for the work, perhaps it is a break quiet for Khan after one year of his masterpiece " customer ".. What a great break to be such a beauty! 