Crazy Heart wrote: Mohammed al-Masri Rating: 3 of 5 Starring: Jeff Bridges, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Colin Farrell, Robert Duvall Directed by: Scott Cooper (2009) I do not know exactly where I heard that story, but I remember very well and I remember a lot, the story of a young man who went to the pianist famous and wanted to Ibehrh his ability to play music, sat in front of the piano and played track notorious for "Chopin" playing, well, very carefully, and after I finished it. . Smiled at him pianist and put his hand on his shoulder, saying, "You can imitate notation, one day you may be able to play music" Many compared between this film and masterpiece Darren Ornowski in the past year, and the fact that he can not dodge the Gladiator and you see it, the same thread in the films themselves. . And even dramatic changes: the old man that AFL star .. Emotional relationship with a woman younger in age and has a young child .. Try to communicate with son / daughter, who left years ago .. Identification with the profession to forget the degree of private life .. Errors that are repeated lost in second chances, every single thing except that one was great! , And perhaps make a difference because I did not forget - even for a moment - while watching the film Scott Cooper that I was watching "films," Experience is not the same depth .. Personal is a good building .. Obsession with music is tangible .. At faithful relationship with fabricating and clear, the film seems to be written following the tips very carefully wrote the script, everything that happens Expected in the film without any sincerity for a moment and did not feel that he had touched me tenth of what happened with "Randy Robinson" in the last year, and a remote Bastt Odaiin really good from Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal and i loved him to Robert Duvall .. I did not find anything! Overview, even if it has reached the similarity in construction to the degree of congruence, this is not a "wrestler", and Scott Cooper, Darren Ornowski not, and Jeff Bridges is not a Mickey Rourke, they can imitate notation .. But they have a lot of time to abstain music! 