Plover prayer books: Mohammed al-Masri Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Cast: Faten Hamama, Ahmed Mazhar, flower-Ela, Amina Rizk Directed by: Henry Barakat (1959) in the phase that we did not want the movie only to tell stories was one of the greatest films. .. I watched this movie dozens of times in my childhood, a few of the total accounted for and watch part of a childhood memory, I appreciate it, and Addth long time ago and one of the most important films, and yesterday while others have been watching .. Perhaps you have seen the flaws have not seen a boy, but I never make peace with most of them when I realized - more than ever before - how this movie classic soul and the extent to which excels in the narrative of "Alhdotp" and how we have benefited in this period of dependence on literary texts gives gears events - no matter how strong - weight, coherent and clear, and in the visual side .. Like we have been able for decades to offer "a film" such a beautiful .. Interested in the details of the place and the formation of cadres in almost every scene, Barakat - without thinking of that time - he was able to make everything in this film classic flavor: a tragic story and the emotional impact .. Sentences, which is now some talk of popular culture in Egypt .. A few scenes which will never be forgotten .. Iconic performance of "Amina Rizk, Abdel-Alim speech" .. Music Andre Ryder is very impressive .. Dealing with the theme of "love .. revenge" is a mature girl in the story too .. Give it an epic spirit through the voice of "narrator" and then concludes with a voice Taha Hussein himself - and the conclusion of the novel with the same phrase - .. Down to the end of the same poetic justice achieved quite worthy of a film classic, all things made him immortal films already, and to the side are all there, Faten Hamama, Faten is an integral part of the immortality of this movie .. Are made - sometimes alone - the depth of the sharp moves experienced by her character, her grief makes us feel cruelly what happened To Hanadi, pain makes us Ntmahy with the desire for revenge, nothing to him and me - just - convince us that the personal Kalmeng can be changed for it, which also deepen Ath R. contradiction between love, who was born in her heart to "engineer" in exchange for a sister that Tonnbha and obsessed with revenge and hatred of what will never forget Tstt pw .. At the stage where we did not want the film to tell stories but this was one of the greatest films, with the passage of more than half a century of production has become of the most important classics of Arab cinema, and one of the most important reasons that made the myth of "Faten Hamama" 