The Prestige Books: Slumdog Rating: 3 of 5 Starring: Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman, Scarlett Johansson Director: Christopher Nolan (2006) in fact Adsni partial text in the main eased a lot of admiration (lukewarm) to work seen in the first .. The first relates to (direct) pursued by the Nolan brothers to give the required depth read .. Which to work on something like a b (indoctrination) .. Archer gravity largest in the establishment of the required depth of the work on the dialogue .. Without (seeing) events that fit with the riches provided by the dialogue .. You to note that the true depth, which is trying to establish it in the film inspired by the dialogue in fact the relationship between (magician) and (fans) on the otherwise frosty relations between the two very they bring (photo seen) .. While trying to picture here is to adopt a different approach completely crazy mania hits unattractive relationship to each other .. The second point concerns the fragility of the building so I am surprised that those behind this text is two brothers Nolan .. Fragility of the fantastic in the building of characters and action events: The amount of motivation, which drives Onger and the envelope (in theory, not practice) the killing of his wife .. Borden relationship with his wife .. The disposal of his wife about what is happening despite the full knowledge about it and how to refute the justification behavior in the final scene of disclosure .. Relationship Alsaharin alien Olivia .. Aging stereotypes that make the two men is always a climb of the stage to test the trick the other, then it fail .. Borden Falun relationship is totally logical and autism (impossible) that occurs in their actions .. Reprimands scene after the success of their view (the Invisible Man), who has done Onger is not compatible at all with the fact that dictate that we at the end of the movie, but do not exaggerate if I say that the torpedo from the root .. Then the way that deposited in the way of execution .. And the amount of justification provided by the text to harness the lives of two men for the entire game magic .. In addition to this comes (key) the same .. And the manner in which it is delivered and I do not think you need a lot of thinking to predict what is happening and disclosure (animated too) between Alsaharin at the end of the movie where we see all the joints of the film and held the accumulated years flow Kfall roaring in the distance between the shot in the chest and hand over the soul! ..! Nolan's desire to give his film the concept of (practical magic) itself was shaken unfortunately .. Began to Bledge Quite good .. Failed completely in The Turn to make Prestige Shining completely lacks logic .. I do not think I Otjny prepared to work after watching .. But it remains less than expected from someone like Christopher Nolan .. 