You Can Count on Me wrote: Mohammed al-Masri Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Starring: Laura Linney, Mark Ravallo, Roy Culkin Director: Kenneth Onnerjan (2000) it is possible to imagine how experienced childhood years when the death of parents, how have endured all of this young, a brother and sister does not have one of them is the other, Terry was sitting next to her every night, every night he was reading her Bible, and reassure it, tell her to trust him .. Rely on it, it was believe him .. And rest assured .. When he returned the last time .. The need, celebrated his arrival as a child, thinking that it can - again - to rely upon as they were young, to bear all the concerns and unity and its weight in the education of her only son, that the cure - his presence - all suspended their lives from injuries caused by the wrong option Atkhaddtha always, I waited him to correct everything, but returned Mktma .. Unable even to reform his life, he felt that he must reassure and be beside her again, it was the things that makes her well, but it is gone .. Left to her chosen .. Upon his return was broken, however, and relied on it reassuring as it used to do a small .. Errors occurred not intended instead of being sure did not want it, overtaken by things and unable to control them, always wanted to do the right thing .. Every time he loses his temper against his will, it will not afford to be at the expense of her son this time, "Terry .. You know you are someone important to Rudy, like what you are the most important person for me, but I am not stand to feel like that with more than one, I walk! " In the last meeting did not want to go anywhere, she wanted him to stay here, next to them, ask where to go and what to do and how they will run his life, and its two palest gray, her eyes semi-watery, fragile and caring apologize silently, you want to lean him and know that despite all these years passed no one else, but he no longer wants to stay .. Not for their conversation the last .. But because he wants to discuss again about the "Terry", try and try and return stronger, ask him to write it always .. To return it quickly to be missed .. Tell him - without Fighting back tears this time - her fear of not see Secondly, it makes them look at it .. Asked to trust it .. Reminding them of what they used to say to them: Do you remember when we were young?? , Remember .. Trust .. Rest assured .. And rely on it simply: a millennium the earliest movies to my heart! 