Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans wrote: Mohammed al-Masri Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Starring: George O'Brien, Janet Gaynor Director: F. W. Murnau (1927) Sometimes I like to deal with the cinema as a living organism, the evolution over several decades, and constitute some of the films "Vetoha real" for the sake of this Altt War, and follow it from start to feel those moments where the film began moving line And his new about the form that we know it today makes the estimate of films such as "birth of a nation, Treasury Dr Calgary, armored Potemkin, Metropolis" For Almt the inevitable and outside the foundations of the regular evaluation, those films were not only important in itself .. But in being paid cinema a step forward, and within these films Murnau film I put this .. Murnau had proved himself one of the most important publishers of German expressionism in film after three of the best films of that period: "Nosfrato - 22" "the last laugh - 24" "Faust - 26", which was the impetus to attract in Hollywood in order to submit a film that makes Perhaps the most important publishers of the same expression at all .. Highly melodramatic story of the film is not the job here, the importance of film in my view, stems from both sides .. I: it may be the greatest and reached the school's expressive on the one hand, a few very iconic scenes is not hard to see that after impact, even when delivered movies, scenes of the boat .. And the city's sights exclusively .. Mixing between the cats .. Optical configurations and uses of lighting, as well as, of course, the great storm scene, are all things that make it the height of film school, expressive in my opinion and in the opinion of many .. Bakacad side I am in the importance of the film comes from the shot, how has allowed the film to thousands of films from beyond to use the camera to shoot the cat s animated and not just w Apte, something that was going to happen Sooner to be sure, but give the same precedence Murnau through i Moha to be his first film in Hollywood carries Noor Aziz, seen different things, and i saliva Msourih Charlize Rocher and Carl Strass Astt makers to implement several cat s milestone in the history of cinema .. This film came in the year that promise, Noor Aziz Seen by critics that the greatest in the history of Hollywood, was one of the peaks silent movie, and although this did not achieve any of the popular success that awaited makers as to the issue after one month of starting "The Jazz Singer," which began - actually - the era of cinema Nat Ge, and that was the moment strongly milestone: the tendency of the audience for the film Nat s average Value at the expense of one of the most important silent film in history, it was marked the end of the stage and the start of another phase .. 