Before Sunrise - Before Sunset Books: Muhammad al-Masri Rating: 5 out of 5 Starring: Ethan Hawke, Julie Delbi Directed by: Richard Inkelatr (1995-2004) always love anecdotes who Ptbdo the boy Baiqabl girls, New Beginnings te guiding ideal, not loaded with all the complexities of who walked the road before this, the boy accidentally Baiqabl girl in Vienna, summer 94, but .. Is that all the story, an essential part of people's love for the film that he is linked to de Bims those who need all Beetmnoha, Alhdotp uniforms who dream .. Based on the details and memories of impossible Ttensee .. Happen in the day and night .. Ptbdo is the order and ending in Saybh Ballqa us hope again, hanging around in the city and listen to music and Busp hour sunset, fortune telling, and improvisation poem all the details of places where the Old Sapoa Sapte including their impact and its impact .. Until the moment of parting who Mbenbakash Aizinha, but it happens because the minimum was walking not necessarily true, and even as they happen .. Ptdi promise I am convinced they sure like Hetkabloa again .. After ten years, the minimum Mptbakash the same romantic who were two Junior Beptdoa Atkabloa their time in Vienna, two mature Bebqgua .. We are Bejpruna violin at maturity, in which the sense of sad like that in Paris Betoj in the end by asking "Why are you so Mkentic in Vienna?" ! , At the time was that it was possible Ptcolh hate some .. It is possible fail .. Possible relationship, since it was succeeded in a few moments of the obligations is, all this really possible .. Old certain that who among them was worth the chance! , We are Bnhs Balcjn in part because like de .. Because the world changes who Ptamlha us .. Opportunities because who Mbenkhaddhash .. Because actually I do not condition my hand space for dreams realized no matter how very simple from the viewpoint of their respective owners .. Uniforms they be with some! Who need Btafrhani / Ptfarahna in Vienna are the same as the need for the spirit who Pthzna in Paris, in the summer of 1994 all the possible needs and potential to achieve .. In 2004 but remains the largest of the needs that are overwritten, in 94 te story for at least two Atkabloa and Bivkroa in Jay and what will happen now .. In 2004 the story of at least two Btaathol they talking about who it is possible / get imposed, in 94 minimum te before them, and they have the ability Ickloha like what they want .. In 2004 te Acklt after them Omc Hinf change them, in 94 two Bihelmoa .. In 2004 Bindmwa on dreams who began and despite all this .. Richard Inkelatr Bejtar end the bilateral scene "good" very, Bngneha Celine song to Jesse on the night of Vienna, Vienna Bejlq scene or a sense of security - against logic - that the miracle can happen and the time is up to Laura because offset in December 1994 .. Like what was imposed on the case! 