Reservoir Dogs wrote: Bushra Mohammad Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Starring: Tim Roth, Harvey Ketil, Michael Madsen Director: Quentin Tarantino (1992) Many are the great opening scenes, but for the work of the first, an editorial Quentin Tarantino here are the greatest ever .. Eight men with elegant Albmat (later found out they are a group of thieves who are preparing to rob the store of diamonds) chatting about the interpretation of one of Madonna's songs and so Bailey Mayardah radio program and the role of community in supporting the waitresses!!! .. Dialogue .. Spirit of comedy .. Sense of cynical .. Three of My Favorites in the film Tarantino contained in this scene, but Maaod talk about is the dialogue scene .. Vhawwarat like this - in addition to dialogue black waitress who will come later - did not add to the scenario of "dramatic" whit, but at the same time carry inside a large part of the charm of the entire movie .. These dialogues - dialogues and Tarantino in general - is a case of extraordinary creative .. I do not know any of this revelation, which is falling, but I owe him letters to thank a number of these dialogues. After the start of quiet Tarantino ignites the fuse in his excitement over a set of questions that beg the viewer strongly .. What happened after the restaurant scene? Is there already ashi or not? If there was ashi it be? .. At that stage of work - in addition to excellent performances representative of Harvey Keitel as Mr. White, the offender sympathetic Michael Madsen as Mr. Blonde offender Crazy - Proficient Tarantino in the unveiling of the "blind" of events, and more than shipping the atmosphere more and more through sympathy for Mr White, with injury, Mr Orange, and then enter the character Mr Blonde - in the coolest movie scenes technical - for that inflamed atmosphere. After more than a middle of the film we get the answers we were looking for, and jumps to the surface last question .. Is Freddy survive and Marvin from the grip of "dogs" or not? But then decides that the time Tarantino thriller "real" has ended, and the time for "play" .. Sends a lengthy flashback of the man which Bthith "representatives" .. Regale us a dialogue which is similar to the black waitress (Christie Love), and the scene of an objection to his nickname Mister Pink counterfeit, and the wonderful montage of the story is listed in the "bathroom", Then returns to the depot to blend one last time - an unfortunate mix this time - between the excitement and playing through the developments of the end "crazy" that led to it to make a film only thing he wished to pay tribute to the greatest spiritual mentor Sergio Leone (Through the tripartite confrontation scene inspired by the scenery of the tripartite confrontation between good and wicked and ugly in a great big Italian, which bore the same name). Of the advantages of Tarantino, which manifested itself here and in Pulp Fiction specifically .. Ability to say things are "important" in the midst of all this "clowning" without falling into the trap surface, which in Reservoir Dogs - through partial Marvin, who almost lost his life without thinking about the disclosure of the identity of undercover policeman and three other scenes expressive for Freddie - sends a warm greeting to all honest policemen and Maevaloh Ienoh in order to perform the holy duty. 