Movie Name: Grace is gone - 2007 deals with film Grace is Gone true story involved the father of an American Stan Phillips and his two daughters "Heidi" and "without", and reviews the vortex large faced by Stanley after receiving news of astounding change his life, and decide on acceptable proof Rh to take his daughters on a trip to the random theme park is a huge favorite of small, without, all in an attempt to escape from thinking about how they will tell their daughters that their mother in the U.S. Army soldier was killed in Iraq. The story of the film Stan Phillips (who in turn actor John Cusack) is in charge of workers in the shop for household items, lives with his two daughters, Heidi and Don, and his wife, who resides now in Iraq, in the context of service in the U.S. Army. One morning, two men in military uniforms knocking the door of Stan. While shocking to see them, uniformed men known to the task performed by them: tell the families of dead U.S. military that their sons / brothers / spouses, have been killed in the war .. And they will not see them again, but when the dust just buried. Stan is sad a lot, but is able to be patient is an adult. But what tells his daughters, especially his daughter Heidi, which used to misappropriate sessions in front of the TV news to see the U.S. military in Iraq, News to know her mother? Decided to take them on a journey to escape from this dilemma, the great .. During the voyage, passing above where they find their grandmother uncle John, who does not agree with Stalni much of things .. But the girl, Heidi surprised by the behavior of her father, especially his talk by phone with people unknown .. And often wondered about the secret of her father's strange behavior ... should he tell his daughters that their mother Stalni will not return? Or how come out of this terrible predicament? Short notes I did not understand at all, how to accept a woman to leave her husband and her two daughters and go with an occupying army in Iraq? On the assumption that the U.S. military actually free the Iraqis from oppression and tyranny, what good will is what would her two daughters and her husband, and what is their fault that all of us to live without a mother threatened by the specter of collapse after the loss of the parent family, a pillar and foundation of this family? Actors performance was fantastic .. The role of Heidi characterized by very fads, and has played without fads, too, although it was noted on the performance of Baroque, but very marginal when compared to the age of the girl child. Music and soundtracks are also distinctive, especially the last song Grace is Gone and A famous music director Clint Eastwood. The film is very good and The end of an impressive .. But no need to talk more, Voturkkm with the film to show you, and I call upon all he saw of his opinion to share it and evaluate it through the assessment tool (stars). Rating: 6.50/10 