The name of the film: Rescue Dawn movie plot embodies the true story of the events of the film is the story of a young German is out of Dieter Dengler (who in turn Christian Bale) was his dream to become a pilot and travels to the United States to achieve this dream. There are recruited and become a fighter pilot actually commander during the U.S. war in Vietnam. After that accepts to engage in the process of a highly secret air in the Republic of Laos, his first mission in the Air Force, flies, accompanied by three other planes to accomplish this task. But before the mission his plane exposed to defensive fire ground and become seriously injured falling on impact and shatter, where the jumps, including the pilot and escapes at the last moment, but he does not know that the earth which killed swarming with Viet Cong guerrilla. Will not disconnect the more damaged you will only fun to watch the movie .. Please find a link in the bottom After a series of chases and hide, arrested by the military forces of the popular Vietnamese (Vietcong - Vietkong), and is confined within the walls of prison, prepared specially for people like him, where he finds there are other prisoners Kano U.S. soldiers caught in the grip of former Viet Cong. Since the first day begins the pilot Dinglr in the planning of the escape from prison which is guarded by a group of Viet Cong to the nearby jungles of Vietnam. Important points in the film The film begins with Hugh's famous video that shows the U.S. aircraft which receive the hot gas bombs (napalm Napalm) on the homes of Vietnamese peasants during the U.S. war in Vietnam. The film seems at first glance, and as a result of this shot when he criticizes the United States and its hostile policy which paid for the war in Vietnam, which claimed the lives of more than 3. 000. 000 (3 Million) of the population of Vietnam, especially now that the whole world knows today that the people who pushed the U.S. toward war are the ones who control the United States today, they are organizers of the U.S. central bank and their friends of the owners of companies manufacturing arms and military equipment. But the truth is that when the film is not critical at all, it is not just tells the true story took place during the war to the pilot who is not motivated by political or national views (he is originally German and not American), but driven by his love for planes and his desire to fly a plane. After his arrest in Laos, is brought to one of the officers Allangelezip speakers, and being asked to sign a confession and the conviction that the state (United States) engaged in a war where the terrorists kill innocent people and innocent children. Dinglr but refuses to sign, where he says "I love America. America opened its arms to me. Impossible." Abstract When this is not political in nature, although it should be objective and credible, even if it when entertaining, especially if the movie reflects the events and realistic. It is true that the first section of the film shows the U.S. aircraft which received bombs on the homes of peasants Vietnamese, but that's only to give the historical background of the film, where the film recounts as we have the story of one of the pilots who participated in the operations of a clandestine air targets that Vietnam, which, as is known of the causes of the conflict had turned the U.S. into the Vietnam war. But the film does not show the other pictures that are always inherent to the bombs, the famous scene, a scene which shows victims of U.S. bombs, gas women and children Vinamyin .. Particular scene the mother who carries her dead ... and the little girl that she and her brother run the small, frail body was covered by tear gas burns brought about by the U.S.. Rating: 6 / 10 