Name the movie: Les Choristes the original French name of the film Les Choristes is offset by the English-language The Chorus, and Arabic, "Choral". The film revolves events in France in 1949, a period in which France fought many wars had inflicted heavy losses both material and human. And it tells the story revolves Vafilm place inside the orphanage boys. Director of the School of orphans this is a person who is very firm that follows the law of "action - reaction" and runs a school with an iron fist, in the sense that all the fault of any of the boys face the punishment of a heavy and immediate, but this does not succeed in reforming the children who use the absence of the Director to do Alovail and stir up chaos and problems and riots. In this atmosphere up musician Clement Mathieu Clément Mathieu (who in turn Gérard Jugnot) as he leaves this author profession of music composition and knock on the door of the orphanage, and there is a warden and decides that being a radical change in the behavior of students in a unique way and start teaching them the music he had written it. Clement is a choir of students within the school, led by Pierre Morang Pierre Morhange (turn Jean-Baptiste Maunier) and Clement, who discovers he has a wonderful voice .. But angelic! Despite the great success of the choir boys and interact with them strongly, it does not appeal to the Director the nature of the wicked is never friendly, and requesting the cancellation of the choir and Clement resolved. What will be the result? Technical notes Who watches the film notes that no low-cost, free of any digital effects ... However, the terrible film from the intensity of its splendor! Music. Music which is one of his secrets, Vafatty Able Morang His angelic voice takes you on a tour of a witch in the world of the unconscious, although the songs that repeating is Jogueth out of it are songs in French will not understand any of it, but it sends a sense of tortured over more and more that I saw the film with When you imagine the meanings of song lyrics that talk about the nature and the charm and joy. In addition, the remarkable film also lies in that he did not try to be something other than the true story of human experience. It is devoid of any heroic models like Orhguetna by Hollywood, and without any exaggeration and amplification of things for the thrill and excitement. Is not the same, the story of human experience, despite its simplicity but it is so Tlsqk your seat excitement! Other sections of the film Been deleted from YouTube video in addition to the sum of the points mentioned above makes the film a masterpiece right, but important to me than just those advantages. Vafilm along with it called the humanitarian shows part of life practiced by the teachers. This life is full of challenges and surprises. Vbesfti milestone for a generation nearly a generation in the film Boys (14-17 years) and found the film very interesting in terms of addressing the behavior of students and their behavior with the teacher. This is reflected particularly in the three figures is the beginning of Morang, who refuses to join the choir music and making fun of the new teacher Clement and paints a satirical picture of the face, but Clement failed to modify his behavior and make it engage in the technical crew. The second is Monden (Grégory Gatignol), a which appears in the middle of the movie where attended to the orphanage doctor myself under the pretext of his desire to test the student's ability to adapt in a new environment, which is shown later that Monden this graduate of a prison for committing several Jnhat and attacks, and does not hesitate in lighting a cigarette and blowing smoke in the face of Clement, and harass the rest of his teammates and hits Morang, on one occasion. And small Bibinot (Maxence Perrin), which stands every Saturday at the gate of the school and waiting, the day comes when the children's relatives to visit them, but no one comes to visit Bibinot for the orphans of father and mother. The important thing here is the leaflet i Clement deal with each of these cases are examples of qualities already present from of student, personally I face every day in school where Consider, in addition to the ability of Clement to achieve a major achievement, although it was not a teacher did not deal with the children of these items never before; but solutions borne fruit when I heard the Countess ruling that Almnt Ge choir Clement came T with an entourage of nobles to watch the singing and put her hand on her heart when I heard. Rating: 8 / 10 