Movie Name: Redacted - 2007 plot the film The film speaks about the ways non-traditional media that have spread in the past few years, which started to replace the media and the official and approved. Of these methods is the video-sharing sites on the Internet (such as Youtube), that is for users to view video clips from their own production. On the other hand focuses the film on the crimes of the American occupation forces in Iraq, where he will meet this axis with the first axis (and media informal), while spreads did the photography one U.S. soldiers, which shows a group of U.S. soldiers while they raped an Iraqi girl in the fifteen-year-old , and then kill her and her mother is her sister and her grandfather. The importance of film The film is not a separate budget is very modest, but important film for us stems from the fact shows what is happening to our brothers and sisters in Iraq of killing, displacement and crimes of insanity of mankind. The film focuses on the incident of rape that girl, a real incident actually took place in the town of Mahmudiyah in 2006, where the oldest of four soldiers to break into one house, Iraqi Kano had raided it and arrested some time ago the only man in that house. After a week or two, they returned and their offense was committed barbaric atrocities where they raped the girl then killed her and burned her body, she and all her family. The film also addresses the issue of checkpoints erected by U.S. forces, and Iraqis from being exposed to insults and humiliation at the hands of U.S. forces and Iraqi government soldiers who help the Americans, and may reach him if things sometimes kill a pregnant woman is at the crossing and her unborn child shot by Israeli soldiers. Viewing the film as well mazes psychological experienced by Americans in Iraq and question why their presence in Iraq, where he says one of the soldiers, for example: "Why are we here, I speak seriously, why are we here," Vigibh another "Orahnahm of Saddam Hussein, and planted democracy, we help their new government, but they do not want us, they will not hesitate to kill us at the earliest opportunity " Finally, it shows film of hypocrisy and corruption in the U.S. military, where they describe all those who commit heinous crime in Iraq as "mentally ill" and trying to find all the arguments and justifications of what the troops are doing there, "Ifilvon" stories and Ifiqunha In the end, closes the file and the culprit is not known. All these things provided us distinctive filmmaker Robert De Palma, in a clear criticism of the United States and its policy and the limits of relevance to moral degeneration and corruption of values and human. Conclusion This is not very distinct, although modest technical characteristics. It has not awakened the conscience of the director to show us the daily tragedy experienced by our people in Iraq and the heinous crimes that did not happen never before in the history of peoples, except for United States history. It is also important to mention that the film is not independent, it is conceivable that under the auspices of the Hollywood film as ridiculous as this, just like the film The Mark of Cain, who was being appropriated by the first film in this Mrsidi. Note: The name of the movie Redacted, and the word (Redaction) is used to convey material that is to make amendments where (deleted parts) in order to make it fit to publish, after the non-deployment, as the past, the term near term is another Sanitization is used to express process to make amendments in certain confidential material (often security), to become suitable for publication to the public in the official media. This is what we observe in the film's poster above. Rating: 6 / 10 