The name of the film: The film tells the story of three hundred historical events occurred years 480 BC, as head of the army of the Persian Empire, which includes more than 100.000 fighters headed by the King and his name Xerxes (a role Rodrigo Santoro) to Greece (Greece) for the occupation. There are 300 fighters preparing fighters Greek city "Sparta" to counter this Aermmerm army, led by their king Leonidas (who shall represent the role of Gerard Butler). Three hundred of these fighters succeed in addressing the encroachment before the Persian one civilian Greeks treachery and news Persians the existence of a bypass corridor surrounding the fighters on the way the Greeks. Before annihilated three hundred Leonidas wife failed to convince the Greek Standardization of the House of Commons and sent armies to fight the Persians ... What prompted me to download the movie and view it is that the film has received rave reviews (7.9/10 this moment) I did not know why until I saw the movie and laughed a lot. The importance of film Download the film in the "cold war", which is still raging between Iran on the one hand and between the United States and its allies on the other hand, a subject, of course, the development of Iran's nuclear program and concerns expressed by the United States from this development, which could become a nuclear weapon threatens all the countries of the world "free" . We wonder, why did not launch the film before now, why was chosen this particular time to make such a film? It is very clear, with no need for excessive analysis. The truth is that the Persian Empire in the film became what is now the state of Iran, either the world, "free" that is the Greeks in the film, it is today claiming freedom, and seeks to Aspagha the rest of the people also enjoy the Iraqis today, and we mean, of course, the United States of America. This means that it sought his ancient Persian empire, the occupation of the free world and threatening him, will not succeed Iran on foot or by doing it, here's the point. I missed to mention something important. Why come out only 300 fighters from Sparta to fight? Because one of the members of the Senate, Theron (Dominic West is a role ) Publishes ideas defeatism among the people, and convince them not to participate the war because the surrender and submit the safest of the war, which will lose them certainly, where he hopes Theron this to be the king of Sparta after the occupation, so that the equivalent Persians that Insaboh the King of the meeting inhibition Sbartiin and push them to surrender. Is intended? Course, meant everyone proclaims that the U.S. change of approach to the colonial occupying homes of the people and take away its resources, and is intended for all of those who call today to get out of Iraq, they say - just as he said Theron: - "We will lose the war is not inevitable!" Remind you that Theron had been killed in the end! Technical notes I Chaht Release 300 (2007). DVDSCR.XVID-NEPTUNE of the film, which is very good in terms of visual, as well as the soundtracks, but it has flaws, mention them briefly 1. The film lists the historic events, and the fact that twists and turns tragic ending the killing of soldiers, three hundred, led by their king. This is incompatible with the ever jokes delivered by Leonidas from time to time, whether Kolea or actual, which is spread in the film as we see in modern Leonidas with Ziriksys King of the Persians, and in talking with soldiers, what did not leave me room to not resort to smile bile. 2. Appear strange creatures in the film is far from Allakhialip that must be displayed by the film, for example, shows a member of the Persian army, a huge creature like a human being turned, and instead of arms has a massive protruding Nslan as electric saw, cut off their heads. 3. Film grossly exaggerated, in addition to the soldiers three hundred invincible three corps, with full military, supported by elephants, horses and rhinos, the fighting itself is very strange, where fighting soldier Sbarti a way that suggests that he has Oaina background, Fterah extends his sword towards the enemy even before the to see, and sometimes we see the blood of the enemy flew though the sword had not received after Sbarti Conclusion Can not outdo a lot to say that the film cheap political propaganda, aimed to give the impression that the defeat of the Persians at the dawn of time at the hands of the free world, will cause the sons of the Persians at the present time also at the hands of the world "free". And no less important, can not talk about a horse today, and they are Iranians, dismissing their religion Islam, which is also alluded to the film, where we see that the public image of all the fighters of the Persians, is the picture of known and saved for Muslim fighters, see the following images of the fighters the Persians in Movie: If the goal of the film is simply to emphasize that the world is free (Sparta), who withstood the forces of human animal (horse) in time bygone will continue to be the free world at the present time (the United States and its allies) will not cave and give in or surrender to the creatures of the brutal threats freedom, which is today the state of the horse known as the name "Islamic Republic of Iran",, And that consideration of the United States, representing ... ... ... ... ... .... Did you know now why I laughed when I watched the film? Rating: 7 / 10 