Movie Name: FlightPlan tells the film the story of flight carried out by the engineer aircraft Kyle Pratt (a role Jodie Foster), accompanied by her daughter Julia Pratt (you turn Marlene Lawston), in addition to the body of her husband, who died a few days ago, where Tsafran to the United States to visit their relatives and buried her husband's body there. At an altitude of 30.000 feet during the mother's attempts to inhabit the anxiety of the pain of her daughter, who fear and panic following the accident and the death of her father, mother fall asleep to wake up and find that her daughter had disappeared. The problem is not that they disappeared and they can not find never never, but all denied that they saw the girl in the plane at all, and its name disappeared from the list of travelers! The importance of film The film's plot does not involve any meaning or political purposes. The film tells the whole entertaining story of a woman loses her daughter on the plane, where he accuses everyone hallucinations, madness and her psychiatrist attending the address. But firm and prove its position until you see the truth and show her surprise. (Will not disconnect more, in order to spoil the pleasure of watching the movie of that .. will see you insist will disconnect more). But there is something striking in the film. During the search for her daughter and mother repeated requests of the crew of the plane and the pilot to look for her daughter everywhere inside the plane, to notice the presence of two woofers Arab features, where Intqan Arabic (Moroccan) and one for the living "Islamic." While seen them attack the one accusing him of kidnapping her daughter and claiming it Rothma before leaving her house looking at it from the window of the house next door to her house. Here arises a passenger "racists" and attacks on Arabs, accusing them of terrorism and sabotage (Terrorists) and the kidnapping of the girl child. At the end of the film shows that there is no relationship of two people in the disappearance of T Fella never, and perhaps we can say that Fleecing these two Arab in the events of the film, wherein they are placed in the category of charge just for being the Arabic numerals (as declared one of them), w m advertising that has nothing to do for them what had happened at all, is a reference to the onslaught of global Islam (represented not bearded Arabs), and they attack an unjust and unjustified, and that Islam or Muslims are innocent of everything that is being plotted against them and has accused. Here, thank Sister Joodie Foster for this gesture technical notes, I can not talk in this section a lot, Vafilm does not include fictional scenes require special visual effects scenes or computerized. All the events occurring within the film plane, with the exception of the final scene is punctuated by a small explosion, where the moving cameras around the airport. What I'm talking about the consummate actress Jodie Foster. When I saw the film I remembered her role in wonderful The Panic Room, which is very similar to the circumstances of this film, as this film is also a plot where the mother and her daughter exposed to danger by a third party. Jodie Foster are good representation of the professionalism and high-capacity, which manifests itself most evident in The Panic Room is in my opinion the best films ever. Abstract We said previously that the film does not come out as being not just entertaining and exciting events include rapid and surprises. But one can say he knows the lesson of constancy in attitudes and fight until the end, and not be dragged into what others are saying. And most importantly .. After a little hesitation .. We conclude that the film refers to the issue of Islamic terrorism and deny a thank the director and the writer, God blessed them and Ovgahm this is my opinion, either the opinion of Debbie Schlussel varies slightly. Debbie says that every goal of the film is that the viewer feels guilt because he thought, as many want to think, that the kidnappers of the girl child are the Arabs who appear in the film, and directed them charge. At the end of the film shows a real (I do not want to mention is not to spoil your viewing him), but the kidnapper never not an Arab, which is not Arabic at all. Says: Throughout "Flight Plan," we are given hints-very strong hints-that four Muslim Arabs are the terrorists on the plane. But in the end-breaking a cardinal rule of thrillers-the hints have no pay-off. Mention here that there is a Society for Defending the rights of flight attendants, called for a boycott the film because it harms the flight attendants who are "first line of defense against terrorist attacks that took place and you get in, and the use of aircraft" (referring to the events of 11 / 9). Finally .. At the end of the movie and when there is security after revealing the truth, shows a Muslim who accused the mother of kidnapping her daughter, which provides assistance to the mother where partake of its portfolio, and this another sign of the desire of Foster to confirm the rejection of the style of disinterested approach of some parties to incite Muslims and paste the charge of sabotage and terrorism of their own. Rating: 5.50/10 