Name the movie: SiCKO film depicts the plot of the film and in-depth investigation conducted by the flagrant and famous Michael Moore reveals the secrets of one of the aspects of corruption in the United States of America, an aspect of health services and health insurance. This is done through the use of U.S. citizens, have suffered severely from health insurance companies, ranging from such suffering from the refusal to provide necessary health care to patients under the pretext that they need them to save money, and ending with the death of many due to escape of these companies to provide necessary health care, especially if the patient's condition was serious injured or chronically ill. Cites the events of the film the lives of some of the figures cited, and depicts the suffering and the conditions of their lives and the outcome of the tragic circumstances of the moment of their arrival at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, where they surprised everyone, including finding. The importance of film Michael Moore is a documentary filmmaker was known for film 11 / 9, which is exposed to an incident in which the World Trade Towers in New York, questions the credibility of the government's account of what happened and personalities behind these attacks, according to this story. He therefore knew Michael Moore his sense of cash harsh hits by both, or does not like his country in the United States. Last this film great fanfare in the United States, George Bush has attacked the same film's director Michael Moore, so Vafilm no less important than its predecessor, for the following reasons: 1 - The film exposes the "freedom" and "human rights" advocated by the United States of America, where he discovered that in the end is that health insurance companies are throwing in the streets so that patients do not spend exorbitant costs of treatment! This is not high-priced medicines that make a patient's death because of his inability to buy medicine inevitable. 2 - The film presents the falsity of the "democratic" and those in the United States Afeerih and exposes the disadvantages, while it appears that the rulers of the United States of successive Kano paid bribes fiction to legislate laws in the interest of health insurance companies and billionaires has doubled within the pockets of their owners. 3 - the film captures the physical world the evils of capitalism, and Elhoudbip where he will arrive when the dollar is more important than human lives. If the importance of film as a whole is that it represents Labbe red light shines for all cheated and Amotren America "the mother of the world and Altt War, "is not from the inside, portray us Michael Moore reveals in which the truth of this value system lean, and social decomposed, and economic corrupt in which the increasingly rich richer and die poor from hunger and lack of medicine ... who watches this film will realize inevitably, the end of the United States America is coming!!! Will not add to it .. But leave you the opportunity to enjoy the film. Rating: 6 / 10 