Movie Name: Weeks Later 28 begins the events of the film after 28 weeks (6 months) of Whipping Rh stretch narcotic on which virus had spread in the islands Albrait pots, where the process took place in paint the Hare and wide and genocide all people living with HIV, and the isolation of Almnt Ge infected e Ott Herha chemical gases and the burning of all Aljt W, and secure the proper people in a small island near London, and never have been protected Penchant for the outside world and provide all the supplies to stretch Lübbe where to start life anew. And announces the U.S. military, which had been brought in to combat the epidemic in his victory over the virus and start the process of recovery and the promotion of life and prosperity once again, but he need not answer that the virus will sneak to within the protected area, wreaking havoc on the earth again! Almopoion Randies .. Picture behind the scenes up to this island isolated teenagers were on a trip outside the country, and joining to their father, Donald Harris (who in turn Robert Carlyle), but they do not Ilbthan that Itzlla to the stricken region to search for their mother and that is supposed to be the ashes of the rude wind or body had decomposed long ago by the genocide that occurred in places spread of the epidemic. After searching Evajan that Amanmha Alice Harris (you turn Catherine McCormack) is still alive and they are not infected with the virus. After examination of the mother in medical laboratories doctors discovered that the mother is not infected with the virus, but bear in her body was moved to it from another infected child had died, and the fact that her body has immunity against the virus are rare, and therefore did not serve him even though they bear. Husband's grieving the loss of his wife surprised existence alive and excessive love and longing for her (as it appears in the film at least) on kissed her, and here the virus spread (in one way or another) to the Father, and turn immediately from a human being to the animal with the appearance of a human stop thinking about only one thing in common is a way to jump the nearest human being and another bite to inject the deadly virus in his body. Thus, due to the epidemic spread of a new island, which they thought they fortified, and start suffering and bloody war between the virus and the authorities again. The importance of the film is a film of films that reflect the theories of post-prophecy (Post Apocalyptic) The intention here of course, the prophecy of the end of the human nuclear war, or a divine curse, or a deadly pandemic destroy the human, as is the case in 28Weeks later. Therefore Vafilm like other films of the living dead films (Zombies), which tells the story of the spread of a virus turns humans into objects, human blood is dead but alive organically, blood flowing from their mouths pounce on their prey from healthy humans to move them before the epidemic to die. One of those films Down of the Dead, and Land of the Dead, and months, including Resident Evil, and of course no year 2002 28 Days Later, which can be regarded as an extension of this film to him. The question remains .. Is this film like other films or those that we have something new?? Previous film was the events of the spread of the epidemic has infected humans in a place, without the presence of a true story or a realistic sequence of events. What we see is only the people who are people with forms of abnormal shed blood of their bodies, either because they were epidemic or they're dead, they have for one reason or another, and usually take these films character comedies (though the director did not mean it) for the simple reason is after the movies from reality and as intractable very to ratify. What distinguishes this Vlmna if? First: is characterized by film music photography very impressive, adds another dimension to the proceedings of the film painful, they are sad music calm in moments of relative calm, then accelerates strongly when much of the crisis and increase the events of the film complexity, can not hear music at all in some crucial moments that require focused visually significant in the image that we see, such as the killing of CIA operative scene Scarlet Train in a tunnel under the ground. Yours to download the section master for the film, who is accompanied by a scene fled DON from rampaging who attack his house, leaving his wife behind him ... click here (if Bodkm get any other section of the sections Amoosiqiy in the film told me I have all sections of copying the original author music itself, and John Murphy ) Second: The plot of the movie and that distinguish this from other similar films, make it more exciting and enjoyable. Vobt the movie teenagers are the ducks do not share the conflict, which on the one hand, and Alhap other involving a combination of massive Almopoiin people, and the U.S. military, which receives orders to kill "everything that moves" until the sound, and after the mixed Sulaimon patients, choosing instead to this solution to contain the epidemic outbreak and ensure that, in addition to the father of teenagers who have a sound, but also become infected and turn into a wild creature can not distinguish even his children, and attacks them. The latter is the most influential, term of unable to escape from the Alamueoiin and also of the army, but Evajan their father fills through escape before them in the tunnel ground, and it invalidates the Son, and here enter daughter in a downward spiral: Do you shoot this monster that is attacked by her brother, or consider and him being her father?? Technical notes In addition to the elegance of the soundtrack that we have mentioned earlier, the film features a montage imaging is very professional, fully compatible with the scenes that we see on the screen. There are quick shots that are very close to the body that is filmed, it was usually people who are in the case of Almopoiin Frenzy, Vtsult camera on their faces and their members to reflect their barbarity and Thbldho and free from any feelings of only those atrocities. There is a long-footage filmed from helicopters often, and the rampaging crowds appear either in the case of escape from the army or in the case of an attack on their victims proper .. The most exciting footage that is where the image appears through the eyes of representatives, so the cameras as if they are installed at the head of the actor, prepare a fugitive from Almopoiin, and the image is displayed is what he sees as the Representative of the horrors of the haunted. And often these are shots (Cut & Dissovle) فتكون slowing rapidly, which increases the excitement and movement of the scene. The film also contains some night scenes, and you can imagine such scenes silent while tearing apart the silence of the night by the shouts of the infected person goes on behind the victim is ready to pounce on them! Abstract The film as we mentioned before is the film displays the events after the prophecy, and in this movie and the epidemic frenzy, which is spread in Britain and serving the people and the authorities sought to contain it by all means legal and illegal, begin to isolate those infected, and ending plunge London, poison gas or rainfall bomb fuel burning (Napalm), which does not keep the green nor dry. Interestingly, Interestingly, very, very significantly, is the involvement of the U.S. Army in the story. After the spread of the epidemic in the British Isles, the U.S. military is called to contain the epidemic and to ensure protection of the island isolated and close the way for the spread of the epidemic in new places, a task carried out by the Marines. The most prominent role in the protection of teenagers and two hero film, who shall by a U.S. soldier named Doyle shows the versatility of combat large and superior to all his friends who are also turning to the victims of the rampaging, and protects adolescents and Iouselhma to safety, after he sacrifices himself and dies of burns. If the epidemic is spreading in Britain, and as we all know, the British Army is the most armies advanced and best equipped in the world, so we see the Americans Istnjdon in all their wars. Where Does the British army disappeared unable to contain such a disaster that occurred, even inducing the U.S. Army to Britain to fill his place? The answer is obvious. Is that Hollywood did not want to use all of her films to polish the image of the publisher of the U.S. military justice and peace, and we have seen in many films, including what we discussed here. If they do not direct the film about the virtues of the American army on the world and published by goodness and love, We see them caught up in the U.S. military did not even such a far cry from the wars and armies and freedoms. Hollywood if she had seen a window of opportunity which could improve U.S. military's image in the eyes of the world, but have never been embarrassed to take advantage of this opportunity to do so, in light of great moral crisis is going through this wretched army. At the end of the film up invalidity birds to safety, but the last shot in the film appear rampaging running towards the Eiffel Tower, this means that there is still the rest of the film ... Rating: 7 / 10 