Movie Name: 12Rounds - 2009 The paradox of American hero tells the film 12Rounds story of a man police Danny Fisher (who in turn wrestler WWE famous John Cena) with the "terrorist" and a man of gangs and criminal dangerous Miles Jackson (who in turn Aidan Gillen), which is (for good luck with Hollywood these time is not a Muslim but) out of Irish. Miles is in the past to the "terrorist" target the interests of the United States of America, including "bombing the U.S. Embassy in Frankfurt - Germany", but this would be a much-needed by the police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Police discovered that Miles is in the United States and recruit all their energies to catch him. A representative segment of the film Is set a trap for Miles, through cooperation with another gang to catch him, but Miles discovers it reflects the results of trap for him, setting off a chase violent Miles and his girlfriend. Here, the conditional Fisher and participate in the chase, which succeeds in bridging the escape through the front of Miles, who turns his car. Then his girlfriend out of the car trying to escape, but Drive-by shooting dead shocked and degradation, which paid for Miles Fisher vowed revenge, even as the recent arrest. After a surprising connection Miles Fischer, who assumes that Miles is still in prison, and tells him that outside the prison and take revenge for his girlfriend has begun, and immediately explode Fisher house is just steps away from him after that his wife had just departed. Stage begins revenge, and the abduction of a girl Miles Fisher, and starts out sabotage in the city, interspersed with a very difficult task orders Fisher is doing that it wanted to restore his wife alive. Fisher is forced to implement the orders, amid the destruction and devastation of property caused by the large public infrastructure, will succeed in the implementation of tasks consisting of 12 stage before the end of time and restore his wife? Evaluation of the film the film is kind of purely commercial films that overcome the motivation for the production of film material and the profit motive, nothing more. Vafilm from the beginning until the last moment full of excitement and movement to the point does not enable you to catch your breath during successive events quickly and highly mobile. It is an action film is ideal for anyone who loves this type of movies. It is in this regard is very similar to other films of the same category, such as movies Die Hard's Bruce Willis and Rambo movies for Silvester Stallone, and Mission Impossible for Tom Cruze. Just like this, these films suffer from many defects as shown. Plot The plot is very predictable, all that can be any scenes of films of this style expected from the events of the film is going to happen exactly. This is one of the most common defects movies, Vafilm is a good film that is surprised, raise your curiosity about what will happen later, and then surprise you. If it were fiction fantasy film, we are ready to accept what we see in the film, but it is supposed to be real events, this does not apply to the film. Many of the scenes were exaggerated and Thoelha strongly, which is kind of scenes that call you because Tvgr Vac, saying, "Shaw Halkzb descent" when you see it. Of course they are of those films that seek to highlight the American hero superior to all his counterparts (American Hero) and is able to withstand the toughest of conditions and to do impossible tasks, which are unable to do more about it. These capabilities are summarized fitness and high-muscular (such as those enjoyed by Fisher); skill in driving; large capacity to use the weapon; ready for the dedication and sacrifice to save the beloved and people in general; ability to jump from high places; and even jump from a building to a helicopter hovering in the air And hung out and engage in a fierce battle with the offender is related to the bottom of the circle T; Finally i Lebaa, out of all of this with some scratches here and there. Such qualities is normal and expected in action films produced by Hollywood of America to enhance the confidence of Americans themselves and their ability to "fight terrorism" and confront criminals. With that, paradoxically, from watching the film knows exactly the opposite, Valemteman in the events of the film felt that all the energies of the police, intelligence and special forces fail to capture one man is a "terrorist Miles" working alone and plans, manages and implements its own! Poor performance analog Valmmthelon need a lot of training to be considered "representatives" and showing signs of inexperience in many Dramatic scenes from the film. The highlight of this vulnerability when the hero of the film itself, which fails miserably to show any feelings or sensations are expected by the viewer simple that shows it; such as scenes of vulnerability that never seem to Fisher when he sees his wife bound and weapons pointed at them, REM and face dull devoid of any sense of the same image in all scenes of the film. The same thing applies to all other representatives of all of us, especially the intelligence officer, a facies black, which raised the laugh hard in a scene when the chewing gum, such as the ..., a scene in stark contrast with the nature of hard and cruel, which should be displayed by the "intelligence officer in the FBI". Soundtrack They are weak in the other as a whole does not fit with the scenes that accompanied, and can be seen in many scenes, especially those that include dialogues and suffering suffered by the hijacked a girl hero. Conclusion As we have said, this film is a very good amateur action movies, action and excitement. As for those looking for a special story drama, good or representation, or sensations that embodied representatives almost be realistic, this film is not required at all. Rating: 6 \ 10 