Movie Name: Civic Duty to admit that my follow up films did not inherent Tsafni to avoid falling victim to a cunning trick by director of this film brilliantly. But I have traced and director, the idea formed by the film before watching it, and I, like all of View the film before watching it, is exactly what you want us Hollywood that we grow it in no kind to be rooted in our minds and through the judgments, and start our own actions. Civic Dudy-national duty (or civil) is not very different, the word "fantastic so strikingly" is the least I can say it. The film speaks about an American accountant Terry Allen (who in turn Peter Krause) is sacked from his job remains on the house where he lives with his wife. Amid the financial hardship adds insult to injury, can not find what Terry is doing at home just watching TV saturated talking about possible terrorist acts and should be warned citizens and permanent vigilance, following the events of 11 September, and it becomes a U.S. citizen by this propaganda media Almkthagp mobile surveillance camera so that the movement of cockroaches that may be cooperating with the terrorists who are planning to target American citizens are peaceful. And this raging Freak skeptical when Terry goes to the person to live next to his house and his name "Hassan" - Gabe Hassan (Egyptian actor, who in turn promoted Khaled Abou El-Naga (Khaled Abol Naga). People see it as Terry's Middle Eastern appearance, very eccentric, deals only with people with Middle Eastern appearance, and more discover Terry when entering a house his new neighbor, surreptitiously, a large amount of laboratory instruments and chemicals, in addition to many circumstances prepared to receive funds from Islamic organizations abroad. Descriptions are fully applicable to the personal, which has long warned the U.S. media, which is the threat to national security. What does an accountant then??? The importance of film as I am going to ask customers to Zouari movie fully loaded, you will not spoil the viewing pleasure by saying a lot about the film. The importance of the film is that it reflects the policy foolish Pursued by the U.S. administration in terms of Whipping consequences on the media first, w m flooding the media with material intimidating distort the image of Arabs and Muslims in the eyes of Americans gets their brainwashed on a daily basis and frequently becomes Moat N. American Ath Rh body floating remote control, is driven fully to the instructions and the media biased and subjective and then to CNN And others, which they have not only execute the orders of the High Command which has become a war on "terrorism" preoccupied and concerned with one. Technical notes the fact that representatives have excelled in this film. Peter Krause and Khaled Abol Naga carrying out their roles utmost proficiency and fluency and realism, while no doubt the difficulty of doing these roles, Doing the role of the real well and simulating the matching of the truth, much harder than the affectation and artificiality and the representation of the role of fantasy is unrealistic. The soundtrack of the events and keep up Bitharadtha times, and at other times Ielamha is another admirable film. Music from the Jewish Eli Krantzenberg:) Conclusion The film reflects Hollywood break the rule and control of film and filmmaking, is the product of concerted efforts of the independent directors are not subject to the scourge of the Jewish lobby that controls and move to Hollywood in the interest of the Jews and polishing their image and turn distort the image of each of Iedonh. And just like the film The Mark of Cain (and which was allocated a single blog post here The Mark of Cain .. the curse of Cain), the film Civic Duty Reflects the stream of consciousness that is emerging at the box office, which aims to shed new light on the events that we were obliged to see them through the prism of Hollywood only, and addresses the issue of U.S. media in particular and the West in general and the bias towards one side and the heart of the facts, at the same time includes dropping s is directly what is happening in Iraq and Velst yen, and other patches and then To Lebanon, Chile, El Salvador and Cuba. Rating: 6.33/10 