Movie Name: the full article Slumdog Millionaire 2008 + album music of this film tells the story of a boy named Jamal Malik grew up in a poor slum in Mumbai - Indian city. Film and exposed to hardship and suffering experienced by the children such as these neighborhoods, and threatened them of the dangers of sectarianism and racism begin to extreme poverty and ending exploitation or drowning in a world of crime. The beauty of the owner, he is a Muslim boy and a brother is born to him is the sound in one of these neighborhoods, and his mother was killed during an attack by Hindu neighbors to the neighborhood where he lived the Muslim Brotherhood and their mother. Trailer analog section and through the participation of beauty in the "Hotspot Shield" and his answers to questions that he uses to twenty millions, and w m interrogated by the condition E charges of fraud and fraud in the program, lists the beauty of the story of his life since childhood, Mara Bamaht s through which knew the answers to the questions that i I started it in the program, noting all the degradations and Hakah in his life that from the moment of his escape is a sound and i Fella other from the neighborhood are "to Tekp" in the adventure and the night i tell the events of the film in a dramatic image is unique. Jamal Malik Hero of the film, has the role of e brilliantly real and well done in eye-catching Dev Patel, a Hindu origin, born in Britain was known prior to that through its participation in the series of British television called Skins, as he holds a black belt in Tae Kwon Do Sport, and earned a bronze medal in the World Championship 2004 in Dublin - Ireland. The importance of film The film won 8 Academy Awards at the annual ceremony held by the Academy of Arts in the United States, in 22 of the last month, the biggest awards ceremony of the film distributed. The awards are one of the best film award (Best Picture), and allocated to one film only, and is the second award for best director (Best Director). Other words, he was awarded the best film of 2008. The full list of awards that cropped: here What I liked in the film, only the style of photography excellent reminds me of City of God it reflects the image of the suffering of the Muslim minority in India and receives from the hands of the majority of Hindus, often committed massacres in their ranks without knowing the world about anything because of the secrecy upon by the media Hinduism dominant there. This is what happens at the beginning of the movie where a group of Hindus attacked a Muslim alive and enter them beaten with swords and batons, and then kill the mother of sound and the beauty of stars of the movie and the two flee into the unknown. And so that raised the movie a lot of controversy in the circles of India. While considered the parties when the Indian and boasted a brilliant, considered other parties walked to the reality and insulting for India's image abroad. In any case, says Jamal during his interrogation at the police station because of Fmarafth answers to questions in the program a million, and when asked for his mother says, "but for God and Buddha, what I lost my mother," which means they killed because of the sectarian war. A good gesture from British director Danny Boyle thank him Rating: 8.50/10 