Movie Name: THE CONDEMNED plot of the film did not last films from "American hero publisher of justice and peace." The film tells the story of 10 convicted criminals who are sentenced to death, "by purchasing" billionaire U.S. prisons on death row where, and involves them in the game where genius Bshitanitha Aitiarham to a remote island in the Pacific Ocean, where playing a game of "who kills live." According to this game ten criminals fight among themselves until only one remains alive and win the freedom and life, of course, after that kill the remaining nine. At a time when the events of this game is transmitted directly via satellite to a websites, where he pays $ 49 each viewer and the number of viewers to the scenes of 40.000.000, money is flowing to pocket this billionaire. The importance of film This is a wonderful example of the films "American hero" which portrays the show much evidence that indicates that the hero is American and, of course, this hero is the embodiment of the best role models for good and high moral character, patriotism, sacrifice and redemption. One of the best representation of this role of the famous wrestling champion Steve Austin? Criminals are ten different nationalities, some Asian, some African, some European, and U.S.. All of these have been sentenced to death for possession of a huge record of criminality, such as murder, robbery and rape, but the American who was jailed after killing 3 people assaulted his son, was among the special forces in the U.S. Army. If it is personal to U.S. assets .. Clean, honest, did not control the death penalty only for the preservation of their rights and freedoms of others (such as the army completely American in Iraq, who sacrifices his soldiers for bringing happiness, freedom and security to the Iraqi people .. God bless them). We say that there are ten criminals, must win only one of them. Who will win in your opinion? True .. American hero, of course, but you kill other criminals and remain alone? A mistake .. It is an American hero Sheriff, is not pleased that affects one bad, even if the determination that death did not do .. Criminals kill each other, and remains the last resort and a criminal and a brutal Alksoip is Ewan McStarley (turn Vinnie Jones) and kill him and be the only dead. Falcaobuy the U.S. (Thank you, Mr. Sheikh Raed Salah) it does not harm even the criminals and killers, is it possible to harm innocent peaceful? Technical notes I saw the version The.Condemned [2007] DvDrip [Eng]-aXXo from the film, and the film is exciting and rapid transition between events and continuous movement. Visual effects are limited to a few scenes of the explosions, which occur due to the bombs in the ankles of participants in the game of death, in addition to the scene of the crash, because the nature of film realism (envisaged) impose free of fictional scenes. The music is music in harmony with the dramatic events and endeavors, and acceleration. The film contains some scenes I would say it's nightlife you're very neat, but for that I remembered that the hero was always sees where his enemies, while not seen a film is never Abstract shocker of the first degree, charged with weapons and punches and pursuits. But we have learned in the observer and film critic into this, too, is not marketed to the theory of American hero who seeks to bring freedom to others, and the dissemination of justice and peace. It's no wonder that house production of WWE and that you do not see a path to success to this kind of heroic American films, which suit all ages, and numbness Americans Alamadhok them day and night ... ah .. Forgot Aqlkm .. At the beginning of the movie and during the search for a billionaire criminals who participate in the game of death, tests are held in prisons to force selection of the best criminals (ie most powerful). The test American hero when he is in prison, then, shall be entered on another prisoner, a huge and long hair, not an Arab appearance, but the warden call him the name "Hashem", and after serving Hashem on another prisoner (to show his strength), but it soon collapses punch one of the rising American hero .... And analyzed this by yourselves Rating: 5.50/10 