Movie Name: Changeling - 2008 narrates the film details the true story occurred in 1928, or heroine of Los Angeles working in the telecom company, while back in a few days to find her son Walter is nine years have disappeared from the house. After arduous research bring the matter to the police begin to search for. But the police fail to find, forcing the mother to turn to all ways in order to meet with her only son again by having a help senators who knew continued his attack on the police and to uncover widespread corruption in the organs. Analog section of the film Five months later the police find the missing son in the state of Illinois and comes to him and his mother, who did not fit on the minimum time of joy, but shocked when you discover that this is not her son, and hit more, while insisting that he is her son. Embarrass the mother the police, not only that the police did not find the Son, but trying to convince the mother that this is her son, raising the mother is in the media, putting the police in a corner and have to use the force of power and control to throw the mother in a mental health facility after being accused of being crazy suffer of psychological crisis and hysterical. There are trying to blackmail and to convince her to sign a paper recognizing that the child is actually her son, for her release, she refuses. In the course of suffering inside the clinic and the mind is still busy with her son missing, investigators arrested a teenage boy in an abandoned farm in a remote area. And this boy with his initiates to the details of a chilling story about a terrible murder, torture was a witness to and even part of it. How to be a surprise to the mother when her son a strong relationship to these events, to start new suffering from fear of the fate of her son and hope to be still alive. Observations of the finest films did Angelina Jolie and has acted as the mother. It can be said to have reached it near the top professional film. Has really done good representation, and embodied the image of the mother panicked over the fate of her son. Although it is in certain passages were weak representative (such as the scenes where she cried), but that the overall performance was really outstanding. The film a bit long (141 minutes) and it can delete some sections of it, which does not harm the development of the plot of the film or events, but this also does not mean that the film is weak at all. Wonderful photography, photography as well as environment, actually reflect the era of the twenties. Could make the soundtrack more injury to the content of the movie and thereby supporting the atmosphere should be created in the same scenes, but that the other can not be considered a decrease in the film, it is a matter of taste (to some extent). Rating: 8.33/10 