Movie Name: Requiem for a Dream - 2000 Dear visitors observer. Because I'm a little Ctaht in the topics covered by the blog, which stated that it Stakhts mainly things cinematic, I'd like to assure you that the human person in the end, is part of the environment in which they live, interact with what is going on around him and cares about the developments taking place in its environment. Is part of a nation that belongs to the people who is a large family that can only be if he suffered pain and grief that the grief. In all cases, to atone for Tgosairi (again!), I wanted to give you today a small gift can Tattabroha י apology for this failure. Gift is one of the greatest film I've seen in my life, if not the greatest. Is at the same time he considered the film all film critics of the worst movies, he is also right. I do not mean any Balfezie which contains scenes of blood or horror of those movies cheap, but I mean Balfezie (Disturbing or Depressing ) That deals with tragic events in practice, creates the viewer feeling very sad or discomfort mixed with admiration the great of the film and director, as it depicts the experiences of real life could be any person in us an exhibition that live in very harsh puts you in an atmosphere of gloom and straying mental, fear and grief, and ... I do not know how to describe that feeling of fear and grief and psychological decline .. But I say that the film is a masterpiece which is really one of the greatest movies ever! Requiem for a Dream - 2000 tells the film Requiem for a Dream story of four people, three young men and an elderly woman .... Is the mother of one of them, and how to be a terrible fate after a tragic drug addiction. Does not speak film about drug addiction only, it is - for those who observed it - deals with addictions of all kinds: drugs, medicines, tablets slimming, smoking, addiction to television, and connects all the story of one span of events which brings together figures of the four, where they are ultimately tragic for them all as a result of their addiction. Not surprising creativity of the filmmaker himself who directed The Fountain and PI, all received very high evaluations. This catalog section of the film (Trailer) have excelled in director Darren Aronofsky-directed this film that is intermingled with the scenes between long shots and footage of a quiet type of motor speed to reflect fully the scenes presented during this footage. As add soundtracks enormous momentum of events, we remember the famous track Lux Aeterna composed by the genius Clint Mansell, do not forget the sound effects of acute and cold and somewhat irregular, which adds another dimension to the events of the film. The film very cool to the objectives of raising awareness of the dangers of drugs, are presented in an attractive and interesting manner scenic interesting is full of movement, as it did in the end, a film has all the elements of movies from the story, actors and events pulls the viewer, and not just a documentary film tells the dangers of drugs. On this basis I decided to Ofrah Distinguished visitors to the observer and I hope that will be used for any purpose can be in the interest of our brothers and our children to alert the risk of toxins, drugs, smoking and addiction in all its forms and manifestations. Has obtained a copy of very high quality of the movie is Requiem for a Dream (2000) x264 m-HD-vaLk and you convert it to an AVI file encoded as DivX and add the Arabic translation after that deleted some passages that contradict our religion which exhorts to avoid all raises the spirits and makes you want to commit sin, though it is short clips do not affect at all on the sequence of events and understanding of the story and the quality of the film. The result is an amazing movie with high quality and collage by the Arabic translation, with apologies for the translation as some errors, but I am not responsible, but the person who translated it graciously. This is the last 10 minutes of the film .. But I do not prefer to see, but after watching the film may affect the viewing pleasure. Rating: 10/10 