Movie Name: TRADE first apologize to you dear visitors observer for the delay in the post below. Always come back to the university, and there are a lot of responsibilities and tasks that must be completed. I hope that Tdaoli success and guide. Movie Name: TRADE: (Trade) Gender Technical: Crime, Drama, Thriller and Crime / Drama / Thriller Release Date: 2007.10.18 Director: Marco Kreuzpaintner Author: Peter Landesman is a brief for the film have been deleted from YouTube videos plot of the film The film tells the true story of heroine Adriana (you turn Paulina Gaitain) a Mexican girl in the thirteenth abducted by a gang-based international child abduction and trafficking, and the desperate quest for her brother George (Balmaxikip Horahi) and Cesar Ramos turn to save them. During the kidnapping and smuggling across the Mexican border to the United States for sale there, find out Adriana to Polish girl kidnapped by the same gang, is Veronica (Alicia Bachleda), which protects and defends. While George is trying hard to catch up with his sister met the hijackers of an American policeman is surprised that he is also looking for his daughter, who was the other victim of child trafficking gangs, which is kind to George, and pity of the situation and assisted in the search for his sister. When the two know that Adriana had offered at auction on a special Web site, the challenge is that Ijaddaha before being sold as goods are sold at the cheapest prices in the world the brutal cruelty rarely Inujomn one! The importance of film The film is a true reflection of the reality of a painful, more than one million people, mostly children, are trafficked annually across international borders, where abducted or lured them and deceive money or a bright future, Victron and sold in many cases, their conclusion is their use of the objectives of the animal, such as to exploit sexually by the usurpers of children. The film also presents other issues into critical, such as the look of the Mexican American arrogance, which manifests itself through the discussions that take place between George and the policeman who assisted in the search for his sister. The film also presents the government corruption, which is the cooperation of Mexican police officers with children and allow traders of smuggling them across the border into the United States of America, where gays waiting for customers. Abstract not worth seeing the right, besides the human dimension of the story told by, the film depicts the painful reality that people think is absent. In a time where we have been privileged among our people and our loved ones, there are tens or even hundreds of thousands of young boys and girls are stealing, and offering and sold in markets also sold animals and beasts to be the conclusion of the tragic when someone gay is not are his only satisfy the whims of someone who is not helpless. Ask God to preserve the author of this article and read it from all evil, evil, and guide him through the security and safety. This is a video clip of the film Aguettath specifically for you, one of the poignant scenes in the film. Rating: 6.50/10 