Movie Name: The Number 23 Walter Sparrow becomes prey to the concerns of the novel read by this condition has become convinced that they tell his personal story. And while the more virulent obsession, the more things that are similar between him and the novel more and more ... Number 23 is not telling the story of someone who works in the fishing stray animals and his name is Walter Sparrow, Walter Sparrow, (who in turn Jim Carrey famous film mask The Mask), which Tahedih his wife in a gala birthday gift is a book named "The Number 23 The Number" but the first word read in the book changed his life into a spiral of quiet suffering is in the midst of psychological torment and insanity, which almost lead to his death and the death of love. Book called "Number 23" and received a gift of Walter tells the terrifying mystery of murder, which reflects the life of Walter are completely dark is not able to control. Life the main character in the book is masterful investigator named Vngrlng Fingerling (Jim Carrey in turn also) is a life full of moments that just copy the life of Walter the past. When taking the world described in the book incarnation, in fact more and more, it becomes Walter injured part most Afsaa him, and he obsessed Vngrlng of the number 23, which dominates all the happenings of the book, where he controls this concern entirely on Walter and transmitting his serene to the world of dark when the see The Number 23 Everywhere in real life, and convinced that the curse of his injury and that may be necessary for him to commit the same crime by the book that tells Vngrlng have been committed, a murder. Therefore, should Walter now lifting the mystery of this book reveals the secret of the great similarity between Vngrlng story in the book and real life is, the force was able to penetrate the darkness of the No. 23, then it can change the future. Other Notes This is the first time I see Jim Carrey play a role is comic .. Is not a comic, but is in contrast to just that role in the film where vestiges of excitement Balifsaa a lot .. Has excelled in the film The role should also .. Tribute to Jim Carrey the mask:) The director Joel Schumacher While failed miserably in his film, which already number 23, a Batman and Robin, has regained some of its prestige in this film ... a tribute to Schumacher also Conclusion .. Wonderful movie .. I would recommend watching it .. Because the solution to the mystery and surprise in the end too!! Technical notes Does not contain the movie strange scenes footage or digital computerized, only a snapshot that shows where the person was thrown from the window of a house and fell to the ground. But apart from that it is unusual effects. But what is observed is the dark pigment of the colors used in the bodies of the phenomenon in the film from the walls, houses and even the colors of nature, all appear in dark colors and dark red and brown and black, fully reflect the uncertainty and the atmosphere sad pigmentation of all the events of the film, and if you descend into hell Rating: 8.25/10 