Movie Name: The Kingdom 2007 film tells the details of a battle the United States against terrorism, which details the basis of an incident in 1996 killed 19 American in Saudi Arabia. In the film the "terrorists" targeting and killing some American citizens residing in a special area within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and those who follow the affairs of Saudi Arabia's oil on behalf of the government of America. After this targeting, which shows that there are Saudi policemen were involved in it, acceleration of the U.S. government to send a special team of FBI Federal Bureau of Investigation to investigate this incident. Upon arrival of the crew to Saudi territory under their car convoy was attacked by masked men, and the two of them dressed in police uniforms kidnapped a crew of the investigation. Here, the film takes a new path in the search for the kidnapped, which leads the Americans and their allies the Saudis to the headquarters of the gang and head. The importance of the film the film is one of the worst kinds of Hollywood films that aim first to show American superiority to other peoples, both in terms of military or other technological and intelligence, and most importantly to show the leading role and the T To Aiai of the United States in the fight against terrorism was rampant in the world, the Islamic world i Lebaa, and i leaves successful always eradicated traces of this terrorism and the fact that, finally, is known to be bass Islam Bass terrorism and the stigmatization of Muslims in this capacity induced AH if they do not need to stamp one out what was better than the Americans themselves have. Of course, this film is the importance of the observer in the film, like we monitor these films miserable and shed light and expose them Sutha. While the movies look great ActionScript (which is really well), but the poison hidden in the fat, which is what we always warn him especially those Amotren Hollywood and genius. 1 - The film presents a class of religious Saudis who are planning suicide bombings and assassinations of civilians, U.S. non-military, just because they are Americans, do not differentiate between the small and large all are targeted by these terrorists fire. 2 - appears in the film a child one of these terrorists, a turn away from the appearance of the bombing, which is against the Americans in Saudi Arabia, is seized by his father's face and administered by force to the bombing and bloodshed, referring to the thirst of a father for the blood of Americans and the desire to transfer this feature to his son and made him lost a sense to kill humans (ie, Americans). 3 - The film is being compared between the terrorists (Muslims who are fighting the United States) and a Muslim is correct (how it should be considered in the U.S.), while displays pictures of the terrorists in the background music suggests a bleak miserable despair and death, displaying pictures of the family of a men's condition E Saudis cooperating with the Americans, the Ghazi, appears happy family fun (pray as well) covered with joy and contentment, with background music of hope and love of modesty and brightness, so rooted in the unconscious scenes that those T saliva is destruction, and cooperation with the Americans is the success and happiness. The gas that does not stop to talk to Americans about celebrities and stars in the United States of singers, actors and athletes, and even wrestlers (steve austin), in reference to the character model Saudi Arabia is known as much for American culture and identifies with them and apply them in their lives. 4 - with Saudi Arabia is in fact complicit with the Americans up to its ears, but the film also leads the message that the Saudis were not cooperating and it is not possible to establish trust relationships established and solid with the Saudis because they are not a trustworthy. 5 - presents the film in a viewer Tbibip U.S. came with a mission of inquiry as they try to treat one with the Saudis, while screaming the nurse Arabia, saying "haram is haram," then comes the officer Saudi collaborator and his name is Ghazi, and explain to the doctor that he may not legally be touched non-Muslim Muslim . I am in fact the first time I hear something like this, it is clear that he absurdity and reap, in which case they shot down the sanctity of shaking hands with foreign (which is not a compound originally) and put the same position touching foreign patients for treatment, as if the two are similar, in that Lamaze and clear reference to the "failure" Muslims who reject the treatment of women, and of course this is not true at all. 6 - close to the end of the movie, the "terrorists" kidnapped crew members of a U.S. investigation, and come with him to their headquarters in a neighborhood in a city in Saudi Arabia. And before they reach him to the headquarters, the terrorists had attended a camera and a person armed with a sword, and as soon as the men in the U.S. to the room begins one of the terrorists photography and the other read out a message listing the Why fight the Americans, preparing for the slaughter of American hostage sword style like scenes broadcast on al-Qaeda before. During the recitation of the message storm condition E and other Americans with the building and armed clashes occur, all the time trying to wath remote Moth War on the hostage does not depend Almokhtt iPhone for reading the message and to prepare for the slaughter of the soldier, even when the condition is very close to e, Almokhtt iPhone remains determined to end the Picture message that concludes the U.S. slaughter of the sword, as if the whole case on this internationalized U.S. and slaughtered him liberate Muslim lands from the U.S. occupation. The scene is very silly, like all the scenes of the film that do not target from behind, but portraying Muslims as savage and barbaric. Is it conceivable that the hijackers of the film do not care about everything around them and focus solely on the slaughter of the U.S., to the extent that they eventually killed during the attempt to slaughter rather than defend themselves and respond to the police? If the message that those eager to shed blood, which is what they want, while the truth is never (and I of course do not excuse the slaughter of the U.S. or any other ever, this is not Islam at all). 7 - at the end of the movie and after the liberation of the hostage find the head of a gang of "terrorists" and when were about to kill him stand up to them a small boy and a gunman and shot Afikthelonh (a sign that the terrorists know their children, terrorism as well), but succeeded in wounding Ghazi shot kill Ghazi on the track. At the end of the film comes the commander of the U.S. team to shake hands with Ghazi, and I tell him that your father was a very brave man and a real hero! 8 - is eliminated when a gang of terrorists and come to the moment of farewell in which the Americans leave, the commander of one of Saudi Arabia donated U.S. team rosary, and the last handshake has steadily by hand (I learned earlier that it is not permissible to do so). In this signal that the backwardness of the Islamic must end in the end must be shaking hands with men and women leave the religious habits worn that appeared in several scenes during the film. Technical notes The film is filled with scenes of armed hostilities, bombs, missiles, explosions, chases cars, making it an action film is interesting to huge, which deliberately Assanaoh do to attract the viewer into this bait political sends the message that Islam, terrorism and backwardness, and in order to deliver this message there is nothing wrong Asttme millions of dollars in did not like that. Despite the huge number of dead on the side of "Alarhabiyi," but that the other party - the Americans and the Saudis - do not rejoicing in any losses in life, except for one person was all irony is gas in Saudi Arabia. Not to mention that Americans did not hurt any one of them any injuries or serious injuries, and this is clear, can not the American hero who is editing the country and the people that get injured or scratches. Summary of the film is cheap these films, which are manufactured as part of the Hollywood media machine that promotes the policy of the U.S. government and wearing a dress and moral honesty and righteousness. Not surprisingly, therefore, Vholyood controlled by the heads of the Jewish lobby in the United States employs filmmakers such as The Kingdom, a director, as noted earlier Jewish Peter Berg, the film industry such as this serves the Israeli interests in the U.S. media. Therefore we must always be wary of messages channeled through the movies, and always try to laugh at those Purim that we see in Hollywood movies, which aims to Alasae H to Islam before the goal recreational alleged, and therefore has most of the Gulf states to prevent display in the showroom, you may not care about Wen Kitt Lira that the film offends Of Islam, but the bigger problem is that the film shows that there is a problem faced by Gulf Arabs in Whipping consequences on the terrorists, which the Arab rulers lose their dignity and reduces the Ath R. highlighted charges and the strength of Canutatorrethm. Rating: 7.50/10 