Movie Name: 9 film tells the 9 (Nine) heroic story takes place - it seems - after the date, where there are a bloody turf war between the human and the machine-made, and will rebel against it in the end. Then the human has ended, leaving the machines roam the areas covered with debris and rubble and collapsed buildings. Here are highlights 9, a doll figure written on the back 9, where the wakes from sleep to find himself in a laboratory (or blacksmithing workshops) and there find a piece of metal painted with strange inscriptions, takes it with him and begins to explore the world around him. Striking them out as soon as the large machine called a "monster", in the midst of the attack, the two rescued, a doll-like 9. But the monster kidnaps 2 and go to him and the ball. Then meet with nine other members of the group that may prove to be an inventor made before the demise of humanity, so that the underlying mission to restore life to the earth. 9 urges the group to be accompanied to save 2 of the beast, but its leader, a cowardly 1, rejects it and threatens to punish the 9 If he decided to do anything but hide from the monsters that come and go freely in the neighborhood. However, the nine to convince one of the dolls to go with him, and there were actually save 2, but nine saw the body metal stranger, put the piece that he found in the beginning, and there is an event not taken into account, and woke up the beast huge mechanic named the "brain", to start Dolls a long series of adventures to eliminate this monster that does not indicate that anything other than building new machines wild! Mlahzaticom roles Dolls group of stars, such as Elijah Wood champion Lord of the Rings, and champion Jennifer Connelly Requiem for a Dream and A Beautiful Mind, and of course Christopher Plummer of Inside Man, and Twelve Monkeys. The film produced by Focus Features, a second film in the field of animation. I am appalled that has, as an animated film this high degree of quality that was in the graphics or audio and soundtracks, not used to it only as Pixar and DreamWorks .. But it is not a new company in this area. Some of those who did not like the movie says that this is not a good idea to offer films for children from the end of the world and the demise of the human mind and occupy this obsession. But I personally do not agree with that opinion, on the contrary. It's great that the rise of the child, just think of his idea and dedicates himself to his food to think about matters of this kind, and wondering how the world will end and what would happen to him. If the film has enjoyed a wonderful in every minute of details, I invite you to watch, accompanied by family and call on all to share his opinion, he saw it and evaluate it through the assessment tool (stars). Rating: 8.09/10 