Movie Name: AVATAR - 2009 We all heard about it, we all read about him, we all saw it for the footage on the Internet and in magazines and newspapers, many of us have seen, a film in the highest income in history, reaching its estimated income to date 2,471,701,910 $ all over the world *, his story interesting, exciting events, personalities distinct performance, and watch from the imagination. would not hesitate to watch it again and again .. They welcomed me with AVATAR, not science fiction, which promises a new art!. The story of the film came to us from the same director did the Titanic, tells the story of the film avatar humans invade a neighboring satellite, named Pandora. Inhabited by creatures like human beings, called Na'vi. After living humans (representatives of the Americans) a huge military base on the planet, are preparing to implement the plans that came from her. It is clear that they landed on the planet after the discovery of large amounts of very valuable called Unobtanium, and decide to be extracted from the earth. But what is happening is that the substance is found just below the village, Navi, which requires that the Alincion send their nominees to precluding Iguenaohm to leave the place. To do so, they mix a part of human DNA with DNA Balnavi, produce creatures very similar to Balnavi themselves, but can humans be mastered by the remote control through mental, as the. Every member of the human occupants can control and control of one of the precluding which was "industry", which was named in Avatar. Here, the hero of the film, Sam Wirthington It represents a soldier of the American soldiers is Jake Sully, Pat took a seat because of his injury, where up to al-Qaeda and is granted its own avatars. Is sent Jake Sally to the people of precluding, there are recognized for one of them happens to be the girl of the tribal chief, a Netere Neytiri, in turn, Zoe Saldana, and learned habits of its people and language, and become members of the tribe, which ratified it and one original of them. Does not accept people precluding left home where he grew up, and the great tree that lived in them, and decide to resist the occupiers, unaware of the destructive weapons and machinery owned by this huge occupied by them is coming. Here, Jake enters Sally in a large spiral, would you be faithful to the original people, humans, and helps them to reply i owners of the land and displacement or extermination, or helps them The oppressed who have decided to respond to those who gave to the occupation of their land and seize the riches of their country? Will show its position during the terrible war that occur in the end, which settled the matter between T Rven, after Ot Ruff unexpected and her involvement in that battle, T Ahnp. Notes on the film 1 - I did not understand how to accept that Hollywood produces when such. The film exposes primarily the United States of America, which occupies the peoples and their country to seize its resources w narrators T selling, it came in humans (Americans) in the film Pandora (Iraq, Afghanistan, and political occupation of Arab States) to obtain the substance Aloenobtanyum (oil), a story very similar to what Americans did to Indians, where They chased them and killed them Astolo on their land and its resources. The movie attacks the head systems - financial, which occupies the colonial peoples. 2 - scenes of the film which mixes real images of computerized images, but the merger was very well done with the latest production techniques and devices, making it all the semi-real scenes. Do not forget the visual effects and amazing sound, which adds another dimension to the movie and the magnificence of excellence, in particular that has seen three-dimensional version screens on IMAX-3D, then it is a cinematic experience can not be described! 3 - the story of the film may not be entirely original, but a lot of things which have been developed, which leaves no room for anything wrong with the film. 4 - There are other observations, would not say it now and leave it until it Istterha one of our readers rating: 8.08/10 