Movie Name: Battle for Haditha plot of the movie is not realistic tells the details of the massacre occurred in Iraq on the nineteenth of November 2005, where U.S. soldiers killed 24 civilians of the population of a modern city, mostly women and children, following the killing of a U.S. soldiers by an explosive device planted on the side of the road. Film scenario based eyewitness accounts of those who witnessed the massacre, which tells how to paint Wort things even get to the moment of the massacre by U.S. soldiers; How did the "terrorists" on the device and where, how planted on the side of T saliva compared to homes that will kill the population in cold blood after a bomb targeting the convoy the U.S. military, w m scene of hysteria that hit Americans, where Comes one of the leaders in the field and ordering soldiers to "sweep the nearby houses," and how they started to enter the houses near Beta and its inhabitants executed without hesitation. The importance of film It is worth mentioning that this film is not Hollywood movies, of course, but is produced by the British TV station, the same channel, which oversaw the preparation of film that you blogging about earlier, The Mark of Cain, which is the same character: the condemnation of the unjust occupation of Iraq and to show how brutal and criminality displayed by U.S. soldiers there. It is true that the film shows the civilians if they were prey to the conflict between the "terrorists" who put the bomb in front of their homes, and between the Americans, but at the same time,'s focus the film is to show the truth by ignorant, Noor Aziz, see, especially the American people themselves, when the viewer sees how to act American soldiers, who i Alma claimed that they and their superiors that they came to liberate Iraq and give its people freedom and happiness. Two terrorists here is their main goal to make money, which gives them him-Qaeda men in return for carrying the process and documented video. But one of them yelling anti-American hatred and stresses them because of their actions, and the other seems a degree of patriotic fervor far less than his colleague. Here are ignorant of the fact that the author of the film all the Iraqi people is dismissive of the people resisting the occupation, it's not really a small group of "terrorists" who thirst for blood, but is the issue of an entire people. After the incident and the end comes one of the officers and the upgrade the commander of the unit that committed the massacre to the rank of Sergeant to meet with the "beat the Americans in this battle," although they were not there is a battle already was under fire from one side is the Americans against unarmed civilians, and the two men hunters who they planted device and detonate it to escape from the scene immediately after the detonation of the device! When the officer says that the unit commander to speak remember what they did really, and that they killed unarmed civilians nothing to do with their bombing. When things calm down and return soldiers to their base was the commander of guilt, and begins crying authorized angry about what he did and regret it, which is the mouthpiece of all American soldiers who return from Iraq (if they returned alive), where they discover a lie big U.S. weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , and the story of liberation and the Iraqi people welcome them. Emphasize once again that the film is the fact that I got, at first claimed the Americans that the civilian death toll fell Wa by the device, but the video, which he portrayed one of the participants in the bombing, which hit the media exposed the lies of the Americans and falsity of their story, Fadt Rua to recognize, and that day came the commander of U.S. forces and said that such a line will be investigated in the incident , And so was George Bush's speech to the media in the same context. But later were exonerated the soldiers involved in the massacre on the pretext that they had acted that way because of Tlosmanm and stress that came with them when they saw their colleague was killed by the bomb! Technical notes Although the film is low budget movies, but it is very real and very painful to watch, the director has excelled in portraying accurately portray the incident and I would prefer to highlight the tragic painted this incident. It also depicts the dimensions of humanity, where the massacre, residents of the neighborhood and signed by the massacre before the arrival of the Americans who are happy with him one of the busy wedding, do not know what will happen to them after a few hours. Representatives are the representatives of the submerged, some of whom were actually U.S. soldiers in Iraq. Iraqi film in Arabic and English, there are English subtitles for Arab talks, but there are no Arabic translation of the English Mhathat. The massacre took place in Haditha, but the movie was filming in the Jordanian city of Jerash due to the similarity between the two places a lot of the environment. Abstract not very good I would advise everyone to watch it take a true picture of what is happening in the fortune-teller. The film is no doubt he notes, but the momentum of the other Hollywood films and cartoons that distort the true picture is terrible, we can only take off off to such films and Producers .. Dear visitors, as you no doubt become the observer to have something of a film you can sense from the analysis of films in a logical and comments, and I wait impatiently for you so Rating: 8.50/10 