The name of the film: Ong Bak 2 - 2008 tells the second part of a series of Ong Bak story boy Tien Tien (who in turn Tony Jaa) is the son of a man who is a descendant of the ownership of Lord Sihadecko. The last Lord The expansionist ambitions Sihadiko raided the family and kills the father of Tien as a prelude to control the entire country. But it is smuggling the boy Tien where you find a group of thieves, bandits and you adopt it and bring him up. There are high in the mountains to learn all the martial arts in training camps gang of bandits and be proficient in all fighting styles and weapons, and then decides to go out to search for the Lord Rachasena who was behind the killing of his family to find him and kill him. And actually succeed in infiltrating the palace Rajazina Lord, and be surprised when he tries to kill the large number of hardcore fighters, who met in their defense of the Lord, and these were masked ninja and a mysterious and very little when Tien face of the person who killed his father with his sword. The film is not a combat of the first class, one of the finest films in this area. The advent of the professional and the very special geographical environment, which is where photography is also contributing to the enrichment of the atmosphere of excitement and vitality in the film. Combat scenes are very close to a perfect film with representatives of professional fighting, such as Jet Li, has been meticulously designed and carried out perfectly and the fact that some were serious and I bet that I broke some bones here and there through the representation The photography is from different angles, some close and some are far from representative, to bring more excitement to the fight scenes and battles. But the trauma suffered by all viewers of the film at the end was great, as the movie ends abruptly and without warning, which makes us sure that there is a complement to the film may come at the end of the year 2009. Perhaps the film was cut at a critical stage, such as those due to disagreement between the director and staff or house production and photography. Generally the answer will come certainty at the time Rating: 8.75/10 