Movie Name: The Mark of Cain plot of the film: the story of two British soldiers face the cruelty of war for the first time through their participation in the Iraq war, year 2003, and the eternal consequences of what they saw and did in Iraq, which begins Baltkhv when they returned to their country. Instead of their heroic stories (the usual), but did not return a set of flashy images, and the secrets of what they had done there, until the hour of confrontation with the results of what they have done in Iraq. The name of the film The Mark of Cain, and the literal translation of the name is "The Curse of Cain / mark of Cain" .. And Cain is the first son of Adam, peace be upon him. The meaning of the customary religious, Vengda in the doctrine of the Jews and the Christians, where we will mention the curse of Cain in Genesis, chapter IV. We do not need to mention what he believes Jews and Christians in this regard, they are at odds, and disagreement exists even among Christians themselves, about how to develop this curse (full details in English here). But what we can say is with respect to the film, is that Cain may carry the stigma of a permanent eternal for the murder of his brother Abel, because God accepted his offering of it, did not accept of Cain. This curse on Cain remained forever, and perhaps understand that the stigma which have marked the film characters are the same amount of the eternal curse of Cain. Indeed, the importance of the film this film may very excited .. After previous great V for Vendetta, has become the implications of the Iraq war on the British public are very clear. The story of the film the fact of course, where it is based on certificates and realistic Kano soldiers in the war, so Vafilm realistic with all the showing, and it was strange to be true. It is clear that the British people have now rejected the very war, it can be argued that he suffered a frustrated, much more than the American people, and it is justified as the war simply is a war the United States and its interest, is also subject to understand the Americans the war, whereas the British is not nothing in them so do not beast, at least not as is the case with the Americans. So, has recently increased movies that condemn the war and the perception of ugliness, or more properly participate in heinous, resentment began to participate in the war in the country's first ally of the United States; Britain. As we said earlier, the film depicts what the British soldiers in Iraq, the torture and maltreatment of prisoners and their moral and physical abuse. The fact that they are after their return to their homeland, where their actions after you discover that recognizes one of them, Mark (Gerard Kearns) what they did, where not able to bear the stress and internal conflict with conscience. Afeeterv and say what they did and they did, and being Mgamp the soldiers involved. But he can not withstand even more after the trial, and the choking himself to commit suicide with a plastic bag. The fact that the last impression the last impression a very positive Balnspe us as Muslims and Arabs, or rather for me. The meaning of the film is not likely very transparent interpretation, which is what he is doing the occupation soldiers, whether they are American or British or multinational forces or not liberate the Iraqis to provide security and safety .. But torture and abuse of Iraqis looting and the date of their country. This is the first factor is responsible for the events of a major media hype about the film. I have missed to say that the film was presented to the British TV station Channel4 which coincided with the hostage crisis, the British, Marines who were arrested by Iranian authorities, which has had a great impact on the families of the hostages out of fear of any harm to their children, such as to retaliate against them Iranians and do them what They did the Muslims of Iraq (Menzuao think we are just human). If we can say that the film is very important because it shows the true picture of what is happening there, and confounds all competitions offered by Hollywood in films, and blow up all allegations of humanity and compassion that espoused by the United States and its agents of Iraqis Americanized. And issue such as this film refers to the heightened awareness in the ranks of the invaders on the fact that "liberation" that they are doing, and reveals what has always been secrets and Mysteries. Critical observations: When I watched the movie and found it to British English, is well known that the British accent is very heavy, and often differ in pronunciation from its U.S. counterpart, so that the Americans did themselves find it difficult to understand. She searched for the English translation of the talks I did not find, so sometimes I had to hear the conversation twice to highlight certain what is being said and understand it. Also, one of the disadvantages of the film is that it does not contain the Arabic translation of the talks that appear in the film, between the Iraqis and the soldiers. Because I understand what they say and also understand what the soldiers, I understand the conversation and what was between them, either do not know Arabic, he is in trouble, and this dilemma intensifies when we know that these talks are very important and the viewer needs to understand in order to be aware of the fact that the suffering of Iraqis. For example, when soldiers enter a house and find the two guns, and capture the young man who was inside. And begin the conversation between the young man who does not know English, and soldiers who do not know Arabic, where the translator, including an elderly man living the same house. But this translator is unable to translate everything he says the young man, affirming that the guns got them from a place of work (and thus denies belonging to any "terrorist" organizations), and this we hear the Arab viewer and understand, but the viewer is knowledgeable in Arabic hears does not understand, because there is no English translation attached. This young man later killed after torture, and non-Arab viewer may not sympathize with the young man because of the fact that the fact that the young man is innocent, is absent from the viewer, where he did not understand what he said about the young guns that were found in his possession. Finally, although a realistic movie and admire him, we continue to say that this is only a little less of what is happening in Iraq and the horrors meted out by his family, torture, murder and Tmthieb corpses, all of this because of the occupation. However, we can optimism about the awakening of conscience in these peoples, and with the awakening of conscience, too late, and it is not the awakening of conscience of those who have control of things, but that this in itself is positive, when we know that awareness is increasing, and the pressures and events on the rise, as well as the ability to withdraw from the Iraq. After that pick up the pieces by saying that that seen in the Iraqi arena - despite Zlamith - due to the good, God willing, we can be encouraged by that time and say what our beloved Prophet Mohammad peace be upon him, "goes as well find one." Rating: 8 / 10 