Movie Name: Loose Change 911: an American Coup - 2009 This is the second part (and possibly last) of the film documentary known as Loose Change, which discusses the issue of attack 9 / 11 (explosion, or collapse, or the crashing of the two Americas twin towers of the World Trade World Tade Center, in New York, United States. Where the focus of the movie and tries to Mkrjoh prove the conspiracy theory, namely the fact that this incident planned and outlet by prominent figures in the U.S. government, has crafted the attack and painted tricks and methods of fraud to refer to al-Qaeda as responsible for this attack, the greatest in the history of the United States. Part of this comes after the first part, which over the revision and re-release 3 times, after a series of films like that discussed the conspiracy theory: the fact that the events of atheist tenth month of September 2001. This section discusses the details of the precise kind prove that what happened was not planned by the members individually or even collectively, but the planning group to take in the depth of the White House. It indicates that the magnitude of processing which was necessary because the towers collapses fully and completely harmonious between their parts, just as the collapse of old buildings that are filled with explosives and demolition are being studied engineering and physically, without causing any damage to surrounding buildings. It caught my eye was an interview a faculty specialist physics is Steven Jones, who says in an interview appearing in the film, that after extensive research on samples of debris resulting from the collapse of the buildings, he found the presence of chips, a very small explosive material produces very high temperature, are attributed to the melting of steel columns that formed the structure of the buildings. He says a researcher who was accompanied by eight professors in his research are known and recognized in the scientific arena in the United States, has been used in the search machines are highly advanced and innovative methods of research, that the material and the name Nano-thermite are responsible for the melting of the giant steel columns. It should be noted that the Nano is derived from the Nano Technology is aware of nanotechnology - microscopic, and Thermite is a mixture of metal oxide (such as iron oxide) with metal powder (such as aluminum powder), and the output is a substance that ignites and produces enormous heat for a short time. (Full detail here). The intention is that the chips as volatile as this, no one manufactured, and even if he can, it is impossible for anyone to be able to plant this huge amount of these substances in all parts of the buildings, but that it was through the process of collusion with Persons responsible. The film is a very good food for thought and reflection ... and I call upon all he saw of his opinion to share it and evaluate it through the assessment tool (stars). Rating: 6.50/10 