Movie Name: The Grudge 3 - 2009 This is the third part of a horror film called Grudge. And since this film tells the first part of the story of the curse is made up in a Japanese house, when the owner of the house to kill his son, dumping water in the basin after it had killed his wife. Team consists of the curse, and in accordance with the Japanese belief (as it seems), that, in the place where the killing of another person or others in a moment of anger, made up the curse inflicted on anyone who entered the house. Clip presentation of the film in the Movie Trailer Part III takes a new turn when things reach the woman's sister Killing her husband in the first part to the United States to hear about the death of a child in tragic circumstances similar to the killing of other people in the house which formed the curse. First comes the sister of the victim in an attempt to put the evil spirit forever, through the implementation of special weather Japanese to expel evil spirits, but there were not things happen in a calculus. No need for more detail so as not to damaged film, and tell you of my remarks about the film. I do not like horror movies in general, does not see it but if you are accompanied by friends who would like to see, and rarely enjoy the horror film, and that you be aware that this is all pure fiction is far from reality in every moment of the film. However I have found a series of Grudge worthy of viewing (and the fact that, like all Japanese horror movies) because they are characterized in the theoretical advantages make it enjoyable. It is the presence of very sophisticated techniques of voice, frankly, fear creeps in self-defense, besides the fact that the footage horror short clips very elaborate in terms of integration and the picture and sound performance piece, make the visual scene is very close to reality, despite the horror experienced by you! The worst shot in the film Scariest Scene (frankly, the sound of this boy - the cat off the heart) It should be noted that Part I and II of the Japanese production of pure, directed by Takashi Shimizu, while the third Vlmkrj seems to be an American, to continue the policy of monopoly miserable by Hollywood, not to mention the tradition continued and failed in most of the Japanese movies in Hollywood. Rating: 8 / 10 