Movie Name: Robin Hood-2010 film tells the biography of the hero of folklore known as the "Robin Hood" where the story begins with the death of King Richard, King of France, during one of the invasions, and then decide Ongstrajd is Robin, and two of his fellow shooters to return to their homes. Passing through the return of victims of an ambush by a gang of accomplices Alkhoun led "Godfrey", which collaborates with the French occupation to make it easier for them Britain, had been the victims of the ambush a battalion of soldiers led by Sir Robert Oxli. Robin is a knight of the Oxli that restores his sword to his father, and do it already. Neighborhood up and meet the father, give him the sword and meets the demand that embodies the personality of his son Oxli in order to prevent its territory from confiscation, he knows that King Robert Oxli had died. To facilitate this Bmarjan Rubin are married, the widow of Robert Godfrey Oxli The traitor, Faihhd barons and nobles against the king, to stir up governance and facilitate the occupation of Britain by the French, and for that. Put himself in the service of his King's claim to collect taxes to him, and during that incite the nobles and barons against the king. Here, Robin Hood finds himself playing an important role in reconciling the barons of the invasion and addressing internal and external to save the kingdom. Robin Hood is no special last resulted in the Federation of director Ridley Scott feat with the actor subtle, quiet, sensitive to, Russell Crowe. Epic historical events and scenes of combat Tlsqk Bkr_i_. Did not like any other master filmmaker Ridley Scott and actor brilliant and beloved Russel Crowe, can not we say about this film that is less than wonderful. There is footage reminded me of many other functional Balthvp he championed Contact Crowe, Gladiator, like a cat darts into the air to fall on enemies. There are scenes I liked the very terms of the letter by hand. In one condemns the hero Robin Hood what he was doing the Crusaders in Acre, and mentions an incident the Roman Emperor Bzbk Muslim civilians in cold blood, the people of Acre. Also, in the end of the movie show the events and scenes of graphic, one of which shows Muslim worshipers and then attacking the Crusaders Knights of them and cut off their heads during prayer. Can not but consider this also a condemnation of the bloody slaughter committed by the Crusaders against Muslims, director chose feat that guaranteed in the film and highlighting the path of puns are implicit. Wonderful film in terms of events and filming techniques, and of course his music. Epic deals, do not forget the combat scenes, which creates sewn in Ridley Scott and Crowe Contact mastered their performance. Gaps - Boats Transport had reached the French soldiers in the latest battle in fact were not invented yet, has appeared 750 years of the events of the film! - The historical fact is that King Richard died in the arms of his mother share the impact of poison, but did not die immediately because of the arrow hit him in the neck, as shown in the film. Rating: 8.50/10 