Movie Name: Into the Wild - 2007 tells the film Into the Wild true story of Crisotafr Mkendils, a young man excelled in his studies and in sports, but he decides to leave his T selling when surprised his family and friends of his disappearance after he has donated all his money to a charity, and go on a trip i Night and into the wilderness to pass it down months and seasons, is one of the happiest days of his life, during which he meets with people who contribute to change his life and change is their lives, until reaching the climax of the film that do not expect one, even Chris himself, which is the end of the story. The story of the film Due to permanent differences between his mother and his father, decides to leave them and go to the wilds of Alaska and navigates between them and the many areas where it takes him a little hardware and food essential. During his travels on foot or by travel (waving to cars) recognize the people who do not leave them only after he leaves them effect or to leave a trace, some of them leaves him on the same day and some of them stay with them for days, but due to disappear suddenly released without warning. In the end, living in a van abandoned bus in a nature reserve near Alaska, carved in the walls and contents of what is happening with him during his residence there. And when he decides to return to his country will find that through which the river is very rough can not be passed, it remains there for weeks, and fed on wild plants, which recognize them through the book took him with him. And keep Chris on that case, even happen to him unless it is planning to end its life happy as described, away from the people and inclusive nature, and then realize that "happiness will not be real unless it involved the other" short notes I liked the movie too, although it is a long and events moving at a glacial pace. Watched over the possessed a strong desire to experience what he had done Chris, of the abandonment of tumultuous life to nature for a day or week or month, and the experience of primitive life experienced by our forefathers in the above time, climbing mountains and crossing the plains and valleys, and go into the rivers and the shores of the Sea, but for me and I plan what I take with me of the purposes that I decided to do a tour Trahalip in nature .. But imagination collided in the end walls and barbed wire and military checkpoints that ripped apart national and converted to big prisons .. Actors performance was excellent, especially the old man, Ron Franz, who recognizes him one day during his travels, which is much affected by his son Chris reminded him of when he lost long ago ... Music and the soundtrack is very good nutrition contribute to a sense of freedom and the desire to drop out of the human world and embrace nature in all its vehicles. Trivia * All scenes of the movie was filmed in places the real which has been the events of the real story, but scenes of the bus where he had Chris, because there is no director Shan between cause pain to the family of Christopher, They founded a scene identical to a very original and put the vehicle bus is very similar to Balosalip, which was photography. * In the opening scene shows a man from Alaska, which conducts Chris end of the road and give him a couple of legs high boots for walking in the snow. This man is the same as the real man that gives shoes to my husband Chris, who tells the real story. The film is very good and The abrupt end .. But no need to talk more, Voturkkm with the film to show you, and I call upon all he saw of his opinion to share it and evaluate it through the assessment tool (stars). Rating: 7.86/10 