Movie Name: The Last Station may watch 
this film The Last Station with a group of friends .. Action and the outcome of sub-categorical that this film does not rise to the thought of a man that embodied the last moments of his life, but did not provide Tolstoy also wants Tolstoy fan, artist and philosopher. Tolstoy did not find in here only a few moments of not more than five minutes of simple I can confirm that this is the Tolstoy, which I know .. If the movie does not rise or does not gain the admiration Why do I write about here? .. In brief, the answer to that Tolstoy. Writer who owe him a lot, literary and intellectual pleasure that provided to me over the past three years. Throughout watching the movie I wanted to hear the words of Tolstoy's enormous influence, his ideas, which forced the Orthodox Church on the expulsion of Tolstoy care. I did not find anything unfortunately. But the film's producers were busy charting a course that another branch through which they could detect the features of Tolstoy and his differences with his wife about property, land and moral rights, so this path failed as a prerogative did not have any result worth mentioning. There is only one minute of the whole movie is worthy of mention and praise. Tolstoy is the kissing scene of the land before his departure. If the director reader of Tolstoy's confessions to the increased in this scene, and excelled in it, as Tolstoy trip can be a shortcut to God that prostration that Tolstoy declared abandoned about everything, about everything. In order to live in peace and full satisfaction. This reading directed mainly at the film's director and author of the novel asshole, which tells the life of Tolstoy's last, and to the heroes of film and producers: This is the picture that you make the Tolstoy has nothing at all of Tolstoy's only scene of prostration and ultimately sad at the station, if you would try to print this image in the minds of viewers You live in a big illusion. Can not let this picture that the short-lived. Tolstoy, who I know, is what Stqrwouna fan of Tolstoy, here and elsewhere. Rating: bad 