Name of the movie: The Prince of the Sea Author: Fady Shenouda Boait on romance in the film and Mabakch Now you are in this world .. Loyalty exist .. but the people to "deny" and Qarven Elly every side! "De Alaverat saree, for example," perish "in this movie!!! Idgoa stayed .. please gentlemen of moviegoers laugh .. cinema management notes that Mohamed Henedy Bicol suffice Idgoa funny .. please .. Muhammad goes on in comedy Henedy Ptall "Cheers to my country" and "Taraiieo" and "calamity and her high spirits," which is in the comedy "baladi" "Alatefaly" "Alastdhakip" (means Botrjaquem Tdhawwa) .. is the pre-clowning .. Half Blja_o I mean .. Comic situations superficial .. Taaaaffhp .. Haaaevp .. Yusuf Railway and returned to the garbage that was written in Nineties (and beautiful beasts) and (honey girls) and (Ncent my mentor) and (spiritual Atakteft) .. a very low level .. Subhan Allah, how books (brought up in the attribution) and (Body Guard) and (Hassan and Morcos)? ! There is no hard limit his physical presence only Yasser Jalal (which of course worked in an area of 1 to 25 of Mohamed Henedy. Space of time) .. .. wondrous world of cinema time Henedy Mohamed Ismail Yassin and Yasser Jalal Elly was Rushdi Abaza!! Means self-evident .. supposed to get the exchange sites .. If true, the word "imposed" de!! Hana shawribjy .. I thought began to make their way to the cinema after 35 years of representation! .. And found that there is an art in Egypt next Mohamed Sobhy .. any drama that is not Mahmoud Reda and Mohamed Sobhy .. and is only done well in the role .. But role, that was fitted to be a kids film!! The film, Mohamed Heneidy film about children .. honestly .. (and can Henedy hath said Ahmed Helmy was Pinjeh time for this very reason!) .. With the exception of several scenes Averat and young adolescents need to understand the significance! And still Henedy Alamadgatip and generation of new (mostly internal Elly on 48 years!) Limits itself in the "heresy" Cinema clean ".. can Faten Hamama and Omar Sharif, Zaki Rostom, Anwar Wagdy Aychen were in a" dirty movie! " Lotfy Labib shred .. .. is the same as the role played by ten times before! Tool .. but well .. .. and frankly, his blood is lighter than Henedy! Mohammed felt Henedy after hair transplant he appreciated works remained TWO Don Juan (from the same time, my brother .. God! .. Eh ..! Is "beautiful" in the hands of the "Henedy" vanity?! Not about God, O Lord!!! ) .. and wronged him in the film Don Juan .. By force!! Question here as well .. how Mohammed appears Henedy Arstaqrattiya and rich and elegant and from the center of a social good too .. and at the same time .. .. the way he talks grinding environment?! Trims illustrates clearly that they perceived on Oct. 6, for example! Loyalty and try to convince you it is in Alexandria .. I do not know how! .. But you know that the external and internal in Alexandria on Oct. 6 .. Media Production City!! Amina potter and Nora pentathlon and dignified Abdullah and the fourth sister Elly do not want to know her name, which pronounced the word and one is a Holiday .. .. or .. or Baravanat "Model" human hand only eat .. .. live amid people or traffic. . that any scriptwriter does not believe need the name (s definitions of the characters) "Karakatr Profile" on the grounds that it remained Henedy ..! Or in the summer .. Mandnac Time .. and we want the money .. "Mony Mony Mony!" Feel also that Yusuf Railway "eagerness" the idea of pirates while writing the movie .. and violin he wrote the film in record time caused to close Ahan Ramadan Series!! Shereen Adel .. which was counted among adolescents during the production of the film (Wesh crime), for example (I mean .. headed or more the first time in the Secondary ago .. Now you and then about 23 years!!) Became the champion with Mohamed Henedy!! After I stood in front of Adel Imam and Omar Sharif and worked before .. Queen Nariman of years, and text in the series .. Farouk I (and last!) Pethioly Matuagafc stayed with a less than Sakka or cream After I .. Decide then 23 years old and Mohamed Henedy has 47 years (notice at the beginning of the episode "Bab Shams" with Rola Jibril Mohammed, which hosted the Henedy .. and is said to be charging $ 20000 for appearing in the channel Tarek Nour - Ramadan 2009) .. I mean, 25 years difference!! See and 4 / 3 movie has 29 years .. Hakhaddy Li alone are you?? Hosam Dagher Elly played poet Rauf (we know his name in the film Rauf before the end of 40 minutes Almost!) .. Which is best known as the young Elly Asamj Bicol severe weight jokes in the shadow ads .. Melody Melody (the announcement of the most controversial ever !!).. Bromohat hero and a comedy channel (Madame wave) .. I say do not know eh .. he was required to work the silly role of the poet heavy shadow .. and has functioned in the role .. and Hasina and Bschavch Smajth and Glasth! .. but showed glimpses of The correct and real art .. feel it .. but is estimated not aware! Probably the best roles ever Merghany Zia .. And the best role in the life of Mahmoud Mahmoud on what Atold .. finally .. last such change, such as reasonable time was in a play (catches flies) with Ahmed Bedier .. in a play produced by the State .. But, unfortunately, offered a few times after about five filmed years!! Ghassan Mattar led the role that he excels in comedy comedy .. good .. because it is Mandhoush Adaiin in comedy! .. This one of them .. it is generally in the cinema group reactions and Jmlat and unusually well-preserved way .. (in a cool place! ). Do not deviate from .. never!! Directing .. Wael Ihsan .. .. did not provide a new outlet is a recent graduate or .. Bejrj for the first time .. even though he works in output since 2003!! There are no distinctive personality of the director .. no taste .. or to Idris Ramy Imam .. and is not a feature known except that there are troubleshooting Bulbs ... and of course Mohamed Saad is known to be Aktar artist in history, interference in the work of the director!! Holiday decorations play .. ah .. sweet .. but .. the play Holiday Decor feel it Done What for to give the impression that they were real .. real .. real Ikhiy!! Photography .. the cam cadre sweet .. but they are in Pine regional water .. I mean, before the beach with 3 or 4 kilos! .. Hours and make sure they are close to the violin from the mainland! Thsc what it take any b "camera Crane" and the camera is portable .. Trailer hitch is not any wow Bosra Photography Khaaals .. I mean, if the directors Clips Jatlhm opportunity portray in the sea .. they Icqbawa photographers and cameras in the sea .. if they were filming in places de sweet! .. But say AT stayed?!! Director of Photography Guy eats live!! .. And then montage bad .. I mean the sense that the viewer intermittently and a piece of every conceivable piece of a piece in one scene in a separate day!! .. During the Scenes shot .. I did not find a solution to the exit out of the crisis and realistic fire only "zoom" The exaggerated too .. Calculated for the film and the corresponding new Allokishn saree, click the boats in the sea .. Elly and outdoor shooting in Alexandria .. away from Cairo and the northern coast, Hurghada and Sharm El Sheikh .. And then, where Alex needs more the bridge next to the Stanley .. But apparently that we would love to live the role of tourists! Praise be to God .. and some scenes of meetings in cafés and beautiful is returned .. Mafeesh scenes in the Cairo - Alexandria Desert in the cafeteria, "Safari" and "Solider" specifically!! And then, why the director photographer Montazah garden where the signals and traffic and congestion as if we were in the Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai!! Fashion accessories masterpiece Mmtaaaaazp .. .. .. and as well as automotive Scenario is well boiled and cooked in a manner Afasst Food. Plot Mahllolp Saybp .. .. .. I mean, Random loose boat suddenly the sea .. and do not know to read Fein?!! We met with him and people do not know from where gm and how?! .. And why they agreed and Khalahm What did you get excited and lose heart before him .. Why No one objected or protested or escaped or speak in the phone? And then, Les Payne, Prince of the Sea Mapifamc in any Haaajp Khaaals? Not reasonable? Violin and the nature of the relationship Henedy Yasser Jalal complex and wonderful and strange .. And then, What did you empty Yasser Jalal change .. and What did you discover acetic Shirin suddenly .. and the forces of late (the day of joy and !!).. What do Henedy Chery and sisters and the relationship between them static forces forces forces like? De and not what is her cousin!! And then, What did you Khalaha quickly change her mind like? What is Haeffah Juaha hard hard brother? Aaak! And A. de end? De Fantasia, for example? Music song .. really .. the blood is light and is considered one of the merits of the movie .. like that .. with the exception of the section when the ransom fund music "Saspins" beautiful .. Frankly the whole movie scene .. and then before and there is no mention anything .. and is not very still the miracle .. I walked in the atmosphere of the theater Askchaty Btaa school theater! Rating: 4.75/10 