The name of the film: When soft film naive despite the attempt and put it in the context of a realistic movie which sheds light on the lives of slum dwellers in Cairo. Of course, is not reason to Adan that I expect a high level of director Khaled Youssef, but I think that this low level in the narrative and cinematic language is what I've become very discouraged! Film did not live up to the level of the subject and deal with the same logic Manstadt News accidents! The thing that the director tried to put in the intro movie to try to make what you will see the scenes of surreal seems unrealistic. Will be very brief, but most of what attracted my attention the role of toxicity Khashab. Since the beginning of personal appearance in the film is transferred from the escape rape at the time that the escape harassment from husband mother w M escape again from the slums to Alexandria w m w m of Alexandria escape from the cruelty of the children that Ms. Att ft w m to the brothel to escape w m w m Ashuayat to the house of the mother back to the brothel again w m from the house of prostitution devising a position to escape with one of her staff, w m escape when police raided the house of a young dancer working w m w M escape and return to the house of the young after leaving the issue w m run away when he tries his friends raped her w m fleeing from police at the end of the film in connexion with the completion of a suspicious deal with a corrupt businessmen w m run in the end to Alexandria once again in the cat R. .. and here comes the genius director to reunite the family in one place. Father, mother, and son, who is also the escape from home and become street children, his wife and grandson in the same train! Then at the end of the film, a more provocative endings in film history. Director comes in a loving voice whispering in ears and spectators, apologizing that he tried to reality and fact, but more severe than we've seen!! In my opinion, director Khaled surrounded by a halo of an exaggeration. It is a normal exit, which happened to pool between him and one of the most important publishers of Egypt's Youssef Chahine, an assistant professor for a long time .. but in fact I do not think that Khaled Youssef benefited from this opportunity. I wish to apologize for Khalid his level in my opinion at least bad for lamps and Ayzon!!! Or until soft (Great Escape) .. One of the worst movies I've seen in my life!! Rating: 3 / 10 