Name of the movie: Haifa Wehbe Author: Ahmed Shawki believe very view that the most difficult thing to write about movies is a great level and very bad films. Both cases are putting before the problem started in the selection method of approach and content. Maybe that's why late in writing my opinion in the movie (Haifa Wehbe), which saw five days ago. I do not consider myself a fan of Khaled Youssef. And I have many reservations on the level provided by the cinema and how it fits with the (big talk), which we used to hear of it coinciding with the introduction of any new work to him. I see the glorious Endoscopy and the appearance of the thinker and statesman much more proficiency on the throne of the output. But I was in spite of all that keen to see each new work to him. Maybe because I used to find (something) like in every movie such as dialogue in (You are my life) and image (when accessible). Entered (Haifa Wehbe) searching for this thing I found several things that can not be tolerated. The beginning I can clearly imagine the list of goals developed by Khaled Youssef the film perhaps before shooting a scene in one of it. Wanted to provide pursuant to an epic close to the form of popular biography summarizing the conditions in Egypt under President Mubarak. And wanted to prove Nabarth and affirms that the only solution to the current crises of Egypt is a return to the teachings of Nasiriyah through the story is strong. He also wanted people to see the genius choice of a sudden Haifa Wehbe, which will reveal hidden talent representative confirmed that the professor does not see what we see. Khaled Youssef identify its objectives, and failed miserably to achieve any of these objectives! Industry is epic People need what is more of a bar very length of the degree of fatigue is filled with songs of lamentation, and what is more of the scenes and groups fighting, and what is more of the (pattern) Outer shape the character of Victor Played by the star Ahmed Zaki (escape) one of the most important epics popular in the Egyptian cinema. Needed before all that, a personal hero and a scenario in which driven. Biography of the popular hero of gaining popularity of the proximity of people and enjoyment of the attributes of the viewer pays for the sympathy and unity with him despite what has sometimes committed errors may reject the viewer in a normal life. Vmentsr think that Amr Khaled Youssef Saad that he just (Coffee and Sharp overalls and wool) has committed crimes of forgery and murder. But the public's sympathy with him for a touch of the values of belonging and of pride. While Shehata did not give the viewer what it takes to become a folk hero or even an ordinary hero. There is no justification for Khanuah full authority and his two brothers Ttolhm Permanent him despite his knowledge of the offenses which they carry out inside the store from theft and adultery. The desire was not to dispute with them to justify his failure to take his own right (which is basically a lame excuse), it can not justify waiving the right of his father, who stole his money and his reputation tarnished, while his son (the hero) continues in silence. And on the symbolic aspect that the director wants to imitate the teacher, Youssef Chahine has chosen to symbolize the personal Shehata, the Egyptian people (which is provocative in comparison to the previously reported defects of personality). While Hdth genius to offer symbolic double the value of the home. Both ends is a spatial aspect of the shop and emotional attachment with him as a symbol of survival as a land home. And the other party is beloved Haifa Wehbe, a symbol of the country in terms of beauty, fertility and the reluctance of the enemy. Code while the father of the Authority Mahmoud Hamida Nasiriyah, which began the story to get part of the land of the owner of the villa aristocrat (a symbol of Agrarian Reform) and the director to confirm the symbolic father through Almcahdin Almtdemien image leader Gamal Abdel Nasser. While symbolizes brothers to the authorities following the Nasser and that deviated from the straight way, causing all the problems. The Bully Bullying is a symbol of leprosy which appeared in the Egyptian street as a result of corrupt authority. What do you think of this unprecedented amount of symbolism? I did not think that there is a troubleshooting unable to put all these symbols in the work of film and one even came genius Khaled Youssef and assured me I was wrong. Here are all the codes to meet the film. It does not matter that this meeting will be at the expense of my neck scenario which turned out to just the background to see these symbols. And the shifting role of scenes of the film from being steps to serve the story, because every scene holds a title of quality (what happens when people meet with the country after an absence? (F) What will happen when the people revolt against the authority of the current?) .. No consolation art of cinema, which lost their way inside this (kneading) political! Finally we come to the major catastrophe .. Haifa Wehbe's popular epic hero embodies the symbol of the role of Egypt! I think that the previous sentence alone is enough to express how insulted I felt and I see Egypt, which had previously been improved Tawfik (Gorgeous) and Shadia (Alvwadp) to turn at the hands of genius Khaled Youssef Haifa (Bz) and the name alone is also sufficient to indicate the extent of deterioration of the personal at all levels both written and dramatic disintegration of the earliest actions of the comics, or performed Rugs Alive and severe lack of understanding of the venerable Mrs. Haifa, which turned Egypt, which was described by the strength and steadfastness, and fertility and beauty of a woman on her qualifications are all sexuality. I will leave the reader to realize the extent of my disappointment when I saw a scene full of Egypt, which is down the generator Btnorp Marjihp short ride to gather all the attendees to see the birth her underwear! Or the brother of a venerable lady tells her that suddenly dancing for him and the champion of the star involved in the dance lasted for several minutes, I do not know the cause of their presence on the film strip except to satisfy the desire of the audience (there is no room here for the logos in the context of drama, dance!). Note again .. Amr Abdel-Galil talent large representative. His crime, market conditions and its association with Joseph Shaheen for many years. And I am very delighted when I found it in the back of the yard (when accessible). I felt frustrated for agreeing to perform the same role in almost (Haifa Wehbe). I am afraid on this talent to be turned to a new private Mohammed Saad has learned that Khalid Yusuf attribution in connection with a starring role in his upcoming film Amr Abdel-Galil. Amr has Aloiver verbal repetition of the same on the remembrance of the first part of a popular proverbs and complete with half of another, such as more than a dozen times over the time of the film. Each time I found more of these personal bankruptcy comedy should Amr to divorce her for good if he wants to continue within the privileged representatives. Haifa Wehbe bitter cinematic experience by all standards. And my love for the viewing experience in the Exhibit Hall, which I have accompanied many of the film medium was not enough to make me regret strongly on the time that I lost of my life watching this nonsense. Rating: 1 / 10 