Name of the movie: Stolen Kisses Author: Fady Shenouda does not ask me about the romantic .. This film looking for other things! And if it was the finest stages of movies Enas El Deghady Hanim .. searching for freedom .. .. What Tejoa teenage dance!! Once the "trailer" the new James Bond film "Quantum of consolation" (and translated wrong and ignorant .. "A lot of sympathy "!).. even start Ttrut film Stolen Kisses (loyalty .. and eh .. Khalid Bey" stone "Working with translations Submenu ("Pour Taitelz" in English! .. On the basis that the film remained a global de Haikhc and festivals and Haischofh top critics and creators in various continents around the world .. can be in the Fayoum Film Festival, for example!) Even competes with the director the names of heroes and the name of the the movie "barrage" of scenes from the kisses French cascading from all angles and dimensions .. and all the heroes in different scenes .. .. Holiday in various shades to play with .. .. and .. even Superman can no longer distinguish the acceptable from!! Kisses from the gun to "hit" in the faces of spectators sir! (I noticed that 80% of the viewers were young girls .. Is it a party morning, for example? I do not know!) .. Then started Azmi Ahmad Pasha (Hany Khalifa "Scenes" safety) dressed as a working gasoline has .. I have a question .. it seems strange screenwriter, dialogue is a great scriptwriter Ahmed Saleh (35 years old scenarios) or is it the young director Ahmed Saleh (director Atalia war and serial cloning (critical moments)? .. Les stayed? Because if it is important writer Ahmed Saleh .. That disaster movie by all means .. is a strange and wondrous regression and a violent man at the level of the owner of this place .. His cinematic masterpieces Great .. As if the director Ahmed Saleh .. maybe this is a prelude to the end of screenplays early!) Reflected ignorance of the extreme scenario .. in writing from the writer of realism gleaned from the newspapers of jokes .. and .. and .. of magazines and movies from his colleagues ! Require viewers to "How much sympathy" for the "pastry" film .. "knave" or "Pasta Spaghetti O film teacher ..!" Zarotp "with blood on our eyes and ears and thoughts .. and can be consciousness .. God created the night .. what extent monsters! Champions Hola assembled in this film are all miserable .. all of them older than their characters with 5 or 6 years but .. Oh sweetness! Mashy .. Remained the Faculty of Commerce Faculty of Human Mnfdp!! .. De ended in a university? Helwan University, for example? .. Continued GARDEN Albhoat and government at the University of .. in spite of the high-level material "grind" easier for the gown in this cinematic miracle!! Stayed the same in this world Maxlp looking for "father," in the floor carefully .. villa you're talking to on the phone?! (Aitzkr one of the film "Crazy"? TV movie comedy is to Hussein El-Sherbini and happiness of Yunus?!) Enough Although heroes like that was speaking to each other by telephone in the same apartment .. loyalty .. de Mobiles de Uorina .. Is it, for example, employers billions? Elly de way I do not mean it Turina one "Vilty Rich" (Arabic means rich richer obscene!) Ok .. entered the stepdaughter of Commerce public university Why? Then "thought" like that in, for example? All good friends of the destitute Why? Emo is Hola's friends? Loyalty and all of the class .. loyal .. not ground .. No! Almtafrtkp .. class .. class .. Almayorosp crushed crushed shoes! Mashi! Student .. else about what she Hanan Youssef .. Then the aspirations of a very rigid .. very ..! Ptbes to one of the largest broadcast Manet years at least .. and drink kit P .. Mapeggyrc suit his or Kravcth for days and weeks the movie! .. And still i Alba with her in college .. I mean, his colleagues at the college .. seven years younger than him .. Loyalty .. I do not like that and Old! .. Cat strength of small Himaaaanp it .. and then to paint the Aaaaat awesome .. and very beautiful (at the same time .. .. Malhish remained contradictory qualities of women!) .. And not exposed to any temptation to come from any Ath hypocrisy in college .. Khaaaaals ... Maaaals .. I Upon endowed, Why? And on what? De piece metallic form of yeast, "Gheit!" Mashi! Prof. Dr. prohibited .. .. .. naive Elly Purple T-shirt .. .. Alahtal them as soon as they are working on an analog Mvqosp Van! Loyalty .. .. .. you haram origin from entering the examination Ahan frequent absences (and is not culpability. . College "Alchjarp" Btaatna .. where the presence and absence? of my nation? de ended in an Era? era laundry, for example? Or can you looking events in 2010, for example? Mashi! Students are sitting in the runway and wide and add and check and large, students and the students all looked like Style and Rocin and Mmhawkin strength and to Maz and impassive (and Mafeesh sex veiled in Umm film de! And do not even Shehata infectious before the camera!) .. I mean, if They were like that .. It was his work Henedy Why? Crying in both countries .. American University students Mnazerhm students Ptua GUC .. FUE .. BUC .. AUC .. MIU .. MSA .. BMW .. like that .. .. PC computer! What for the disposal of a student known to her family Pthterv prostitution! Hop .. like that ..! Night! Adea .. tragedy .. we want the "dramatic weight" .. Sudha Sudha violin .. .. .. Adeniyi Aktar Aktar I say! .. And with it pimp taxi driver (Kamovlaj .. mentor!) .. while it is severely criticizes Mandhash personal and begging That leaves him tickets .. and is refused and insisted .. .. .. Belh loyalty! .. And back every day, reeling from drunkenness and debauchery .. .. Malhish originally were running to her mother and her brothers and life remained difficult ..! Elly Mstgvlahm .. and it Mphahmahm B_igl in the hotel .. of course .. Malloch no name and no phone number .. and does not address .. and do not co .. and do not need any .. and its people without understanding and silent and convinced ..! Alakadp the film Jaibam eye and taste Hadminh!! Old morning .. after Makant Btaatkhanq with her brothers on top of beans (USA .. professor Khaled Youssef? Scene .. "sisters wandering about overriding suit Petnafssoa beans on bread oh-so" from the movie "betrayal of legitimate" for the toxicity Khashab .. ah .. abuse sexuality. . .. Oh and grace Khc movie name .. name .. name .. Aiwa stolen kisses .. ah .. cheek first taxi and exalted!) Maaaaaaaaashy! Ahmed Azmy Harij Faculty of Engineering, a very good grade .. not met sex Chglanp in Egypt and the length of the display is working in its gasoline! .. I mean, not met with a salesperson .. delegate insurance customer service representative .. .. .. teacher account or even in the Barkeep a large hotel. Mashy country where unemployment! Salvation remained knew! Negi remained of the great Zaghloul Zaghloul .. .. the .. A. .. great ..! Nirmn Maher .. And is the length of the school .. what concessions it .. As long as the star! Is very sick and need another tacky .. not what role .. What for the "Action" de! Aidan on the scriptwriter and director Ahmed Pasha Khalid your stone .., Egypt became the sheltering centers to shoot porn movies pay and ask male employees to the marketing of this investment project is expected to produce young per 10.000 EGP per night!! (If America hopes Hidvawa them cam?) Means is possible .. but Mahsalch in Egypt in this way, "Macintosh" and "professional" for the promotion and marketing of prostitution e!! And corrupt the young man here is huge Hayakhadd sixtieth pounds and rejoices Behm!! Cheek remained the major disaster .. Friend hero "behind Shady" (marble Tamer Hagras .. with the weight of the Hani Salama .. put them stayed dullness and Tlamp Haitham Ahmed Zaki ... and beat us in a blender until well beaten yelling! .. Your hands behind Shady!) Said .. Bey killed Nermin suddenly ..! LES Iad? .. Origin Bihbha you haram .. and love "Mach" in the recesses of his heart! .. And made it difficult for him (Oh, my God!) After he knew it was one in a line Toowoil of "staff" in This impurity profitable .. and preferred silent so far as to break the number 11 for example, man .. and he decided to kill her ..! Finally ..! Calamity stayed .. I mean the height of clowning Film .. Ahmed Azmy escape from the partition .. simply naively .. .. .. easily .. in a provocative way Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahpl! (If you got hard .. I think that the prison warden commits suicide in a manner haris Carrie!) And preferably Hrban Hrban .. .. .. Hrban loyalty .. and what the police Ivkrc (at all) that he Pfch him when his friends .. and intelligently Bstantj (Ahmed Azmi .. not the police .. God forbid) .. After Chave Photos "Codp" It is (any Shady) who killed her .. and then Ernh leech leech Moot .. .. and after the hands of a leech and Idashdashh de banana .. and he does Wawa happens in the blood fall down and evacuate him .. convinces him that he recognized the What for himself and Itadm friendship with Elly.!!! Tm to Wuxi ????? And finally the whole Eachd patent and Shady Eachd prison for ten years .. and years .. Azmi and marry some all out .. Of course, the role of Randa, Mohamed Bheiri cream .. any Hubble in the mountain ..! Random 10 million times in the TV .. and Ithzv benefit the whole of the movie already! Possible Chil .. generally 25 minutes of the film, for example, without detriment of the context of events .. then the girls mother and father, what Itxoc .. Father nostalgia Peerq race daughter and her fiance .. and her fiance engages el Hudome in the Okishn Mahfouz OK Mowot in the Media Production City .. Poor decoration .. .. music .. acceptable .. story .. weak (but ideas Cuesp) .. .. a weak scenario prosaic dialogue .. .. .. The people of the output representation Katiyan photography .. well .. the only good in the film is the new face will have great significance in the future .. is (I think her name Doaa Youssef) requesting that committed suicide burned in the late film of regret, pain and discontent (surely you know the Maine!) .. I was talking to hard .. is the only one done well .. but in the area .. Rating: 4.5/10 