Movie Name: Ibrahim Ibrahim White "white" point "black" in the ..... (June 17, 2009) (very bad) Author: Isra wise I did not hesitate for one moment to enter the film Ibrahim White after watching all the uproar around him in all channels and praise for most of the artists - Majaji of course - the quality of the movie legend, but again it struck me frustration. Biddya titled film, which gave the film to give the impression simulant Tito did not mis Indeed similar films playing the role of Ahmed El Saka experienced crime which can not be defeated and ends up the same end, but let's not unfair to the movie title. The story and script and dialogue of the most important parts; film lacked Ibrahim White new story, which is difficult for the spectator the rest of the film's conclusion versa Vaema see any ordinary spectators, the first part of the film will conclude the rest and do not have to worry will be the conclusion true. It is noted also that the story came to a peak A without include reasonably allows the viewer a sense of a strong love story and then not only through the scenes of a simple e f came v later Vfja e has become the armpit of fond without explanation enough for this love and I do not know the target or the value that Abbas wants Abu Hassan said that lead them to Gmehorhl wants to Ntat P with a criminal is on the line of t does not intend to until they repent or with the people who Ashwyat then all of them criminals??? Representation in the film middle-level, except for Amr Waked, who has had an above average either, Mahmoud Abdel-Aziz can not find the words descriptor by the genius of this actor I would wait for the scenes being shown. Ahmed El Sakka, Ahmed El Saka not something special to the role of the contrary, was is possible to have better performance than What appeared tags do not deny the fitness and agility, but was not convincing. Marwan Hamed troubleshooting distinct but Ibrahim White is not work that out where all the energy, the best in directed scenes of violence, which represents more than half of the film but has the ability to more creativity than that excelled forget Abu Saif building decor has not felt for a moment that he is not real they are already slums Cairo, its buildings and their acolytes, and the distribution of its population are jammed closer to the truth. In the end I do not know the secret of all the hype and claim success, within the theaters were different views of the public, how is the view of experts on the contrary, even now I do not know whether they are on the right of the public or representatives and filmmakers? Supposed that the two agree, but this time see what is the secret of this difference ????? Rating: 2 / 10 