Movie Name: Omar and peaceful no words ..... (May 22, 2009) (very bad) Name of author: adel salib - Omar and Salma 2 - Tamer promised to surprise the public in the Da (his words) .... And i am going and I hope I would see a comedy and a little costume drama in the Old before Old Haifa film is sweet not a monster .... And away one of the reasons that the success of media frenzy who were with the movie costume (Waiting for my Tamer) (see Safety) (receipt of a peaceful and you) ... And the amount of clips ... and who got Tamer who remained in the every need .... So secret that I sit at home on my own to spread Tamer Zarli suddenly .... Old who was Msberni I love sweet voice singer Tamer. - The Story of product: Omar Mottagosen and peaceful and they have two daughters and marital disputes between them and the relationship Tamer birth .... Etc ... of the regular events. - Product announcement: Advertising Ghraib is so strong that I brought Mdechlc product ..... Just footage of a Tamer is Whitrb or Beshetm or Petv (for Amwakzp) Ali Ezzeddine mi .... Mafeesh any and something else ... Optimized announcement was possible again without all the needs of de ... And that if the announcement Matqdech comic people Htdechl Aktar and directory declared Ibrahim white or replacement of lost or shop Shehata who is from Old Comedy films Biohawwa remove him and the task, God willing. - Movie: Tamer .... as usual because he Bictb stories of all his films prepared of course Lord of the emotional (Bilal Fadl) and after Atfaragt saying, please try again need a little like Mr. Z or emotional Captain Hima (story Tamer and Nasr Mahrous) .. .. I mean a necessary thing for taking the film and bridging the Van .... Representation and a rich and edited the story and songs and music composed and poster and advertising and also the selection of representatives (the words, too?) ... Naqsk production and keep like this .... You slip Asrk .... The story is generally very unusual and very refined. - Script and Dialogue: Ahmed Abdel Fattah, as usual ..... Tamer Ahmed tells the story, and write ..... Scenarist normal and I was mostly unexpected and Arif snapshot Gaip AT ..... Dialogue hard tacky (sorry, on the floor), regardless of who was the case and link children these days But I do not give up so small girls say dialogues Z has And violin Tamer Laufer strong words and strong stock (whether or Ketbtk of his own) Old Official WebSite mainly talk Itqal costume de ... Hey, I like although I Maatardch for example, Ali Ahmed Mekki-hour call-known Btaath at least the cattle with his character in the film .... But to me what is forced Tamer, for example suggesting one Mhvhoush Not once .... I think the whole scene in place because Old and insults as well as the dance scene with a doorman and a logical neighbor what I never never and never to the violin scene Tamer grow .... Basically the film is full scenes and not important who I know about the cinema scene, what I Bbiv new film Miloc required and the amount of the needs of the violin Entry from movies or even more the scene and the boy plays the new girl who Beachd Bihbha the place to wear .... Frequent scene de film 100 times ... even plotted his work in The Lord of emotional ..... A good scriptwriter who works scenes nobody knows their workers, even if adorned ... I do not imitate the innovation and the transfer of a ruler violin scene ... the emergence of Karim Mohsen Miloc any crisis, but he gets the message Tamer Pisaad cream rising singer Away and it was his sweet Old Miloc any crisis in the film .... - Ahmed Al-Badri: directing .... do not comment ... because the product was essentially not need the rule .... Old Akharajia and can choose their camera sweet for the rest of the film footage in the Old lot especially to children, was necessary because the children were Taataad Whitgoa hard and Bozawa scenes and Mottagoulic States Baby .... Menna Irqa girl and her performance is better than top actresses in the film ... Also what evacuate and Youssef Chahine controls Oc monkey expressions in (the sixth day) Ikhalik know at least deal with the children ... (with apologies to Joseph Shaheen Ali comparison.) - Tamer Hosni: Laufer Laufer Laufer Aguenatnic ... You are what you do not need any personal life itself and not what I dreamed of you grew up (because it is basically a scene Miloc any crisis) .... What can Ataknguet Msktha with Mai and her hair before your daughters De sweet of you and you Astnit scene complements the usual heart of the Old and quickly lost the scene ... Do not know why like this with you ... for example I was in Captain Hima representative rigid and Error ... but to be honest, strong and sweet songs form the album Hiawwad movie .... songs because new ideas (away from the song the announcement). - Mai Ezz El-Din: I initially Hagm on the film after that for you .... Mfirqch peaceful in the movie on the first part But like the rest of the Taym ... Averat salvation and they want to and still the dialogue was corny in parts of the lot ... I do not understand: What do you like and keep the dialogue at the same time I do not Aajpk style conspired with his daughters (in the film, I mean) violin stayed away .... I love you or not ... Because the de personal opinion ..... (Ayzon - Cickamar - Habibi asleep - Omar and Salma 2) Movies Aozp you a good selection and not Hacolk critics and the public because the films Ptsagt mass violin Idi means your accounts again .... At least because Facebook logo Do your history in one movie (illegal betrayal), and who thanks mainly to the name of Khaled Youssef violin .... and not for one Hacolk Besi began to agree with about the same time her name (Menna Shalabi) ..... arrived Levin moment the (of course taking into account the difference in talent). - Ezzat Abu Ouf: do not know God, even to the aspiration of the Prince in films Thess costume and a peaceful life and even Ayzon Old replaced with who you and your performance Mazboot .... Experience and diligence and the representative of hard .... Almost scenery of the best scenes of the movie (or other Mafeesh your sights, but in the movie) .... - Two young daughters: Girls Ahmed Zahir .... Hard masterpiece performances, so they automatically Whitgoa hard lot of the footage they Avatar de Mimnash Hailin and blood dehydrated strong .... Can they who Dgoni little in the film Although the talk in sentences, saying, benefit Taatqal lot on their tongues, even if they Baiqoloha in fact. - Movie Majbnic hard and if the hands of Old Adelh -1/10 say 3 / 10 and I'm ... on the needs of Lissa lot ... Lissa he Misthakc and violin on the state of cinema who Petdhor and violin Tamer Go after what elevates a little down again, Subki who designed the production of DVD movies ... it's working with cabaret and Jaap revenues and Joayz .... Ali Kemal remained like that .... And do movies, too? Hallucination .... Old Movies, for example, 5-Z cabaret Qsad need any words ... not vice versa. Rating: 2 / 10 