Movie Name: not without a corresponding control !!..... (18 April 2009) (bad) Author: Fady architect admitted that I entered this film after I saw the producer / director, a satellite channel launched in connection insults and mockery of the critics who had attacked the film, stressing the genius and personal experience in the field of Cinema and extended over thirty years. So I ask Mr. Hani condone for what I say this, I do not Atady Kony and one of them the ignorant who prevent them narrow-minded to see the creativity and genius in this film, but that the 15 side, which paid may give me the right to say what I have to say, because they frankly Harginny a lot! I agree with the criticism of former surprising that 4 people sat down together to pour their thoughts and feed their imagination to compose and put Aloski_ this scenario, the story module to the maximum extent repeated dozens of times since the sixties we Allamzpousola to leisure time (which I estimate him). Combination of superficial characters and incomplete, and the change in the nature is not justified, as happened with the characters on behalf of Maria and tan. Alwlven and then the director missed the opportunity to create composite characters, despite the existence of models may seem attractive at first glance, such as personal Ola Ghanem and on behalf of the tan. Lines of the characters has not been completed by the end of the film, as if the director had discovered that he "played" enough cans of raw decided to end the film. The simplest scenario of the foundations of a beginning, middle and end of the non-existent until I asked several times during the movie about the reason for insertion of a scene or another in the news ... This leads me to talk about editing, or rather not to talk! Scenes cut off in mid-dialogue, and other lengthy, and then crystallized from disaster montage during the song and Maria Ahmed Fahmy. Not to touch the rest of the items, I will only the following points: - What do names like Nihad Bahgat, Aida Abdel Aziz, Bassem Samra Ttrut on this movie - Where is this university, which the girls wear these clothes .. Very lack of realism - there are 3 singers in this film .. Joke rigid - at Ayami school girls were not this the "effervescence." And I challenge any girl to walk down the street Balvestan which was worn by Maria in the last scenes - Do you see Osama Fawzy (the demons / I love cinema) this movie? - I am still convinced Baala Ghanem, a talented actress. - I congratulate the director on good chosen for the flame, the best thing made this movie and they are in order: Dolly, Ola, Ola girl friend, Maria Rating: 3 / 10 