Movie Name: academic film rubbish 7 user from 8 user found this helpful criticism - October 7, 2009 (the stain) Author: Fady Ramzy *** This criticism may contain information burn story *** n knowing what a group of young divide " job "on them, and one says:" You are you and where you and I Niswan banjo and beer ... De Elly is exactly that they felt his wrist each saree Subscribe in a movie that the Academy. Avatar The difference is that young people Awalany Hiqdy time Zarif, according to their morals, and I do not end because Hidharoa Benhom. While the sons of academic States Fmwvein to other abusers and their art (which is not the idea of our country ... de parallel to bear the same name, unfortunately, Miliana and people like them). I saw a movie on Sunday ... And on non-habit did not write Alrivuo along later. I needed a period of calm nerves and convalescence. But, unfortunately, full bar Today, what with this dose Infc film clumsy and naive to the maximum degree. The story (of the cut is not the written) is an Academy information by young people and girls, who loves their country and Dokhma Doulm children of the desolation and Ptdharb drugs. And Ostazthm Pthaol advise and help from landfills Ahaloin beasts. Old salvation ... Oh, I forgot to say that one of the beasts Random Israeli spy (de in the last quarter of an hour of the movie but .. not like that was normal and deviant Belzk and confused on the bodies of girls naked knows them). Elly "produced" This story is Abdul Fattah Bey, and with him, and scenario authoring, Ahmed albino ... De first film had, but he Hamada many movies such as: average white man, Kemo Antimo, his children fled, How Abandoned girls love .... Vhmtwa Foula. Of course, scenario and dialogue Btaa Bhoat actually ... Allt them in kneading and without any substance. Means some of the scenes of Laura Ttsh Bhahp them is that they Behrjawa with youth and some of the other. Iarith laughing and clowning. Are you looking for long-scenes are all in one place and dress party access Elly Aamllagha academy ... A full 10 minutes they ended up Bkhanagah, Young Atalatp Fled and entered the "Oodp" 3 Girls Tanien ... And vote instead of the girls, say, a necessary Nkhbayhm and help them (which are what Iarafhomc sincere). The end of two love some ... Old Eyal Tanien, including the cousin of one them and it Begeer (named rock !!!), Whitaigohm and wear a hot sauce on their eating, and what the plan is de Nfch started Aodthm landed in the drug (it was easier Ikahrbwa base toilet). Sweet Kids is important, in a manner and Abitp Mataatamelc in black Old Movies, escaped from custody and revealed Trick (in 5 minutes but .. still not a definite peak is de drama). Jet peak in the last quarter hour (Ajayb) for Bitaktefoa two daughters by two sons and brutal ... And say, Higtsbohem ... To AAAAA old, one of the beasts an Israeli spy and want an Arab-African Conference blow him Bcserv Academy (de Ptamlha well-being of the United Nations). Kids Ahaloin important (not the police or intelligence, for example) Bihrroa girls and tell the police the bomb (they stand libra conference room and say Chweifam movements of the professor (bomb, bomb ...) and draw a circular forms into their own hands!!! Old thank God Ibtaloa estimated effect ( I'm worried what Kintc sincere) ... And are the love's gone and some of the best. Output remained for Ismail Farouk, troubleshooting, meet me (I'm not saying Elly, de name throughout ") and 90-minute film ... CD Btaa final film is Elly Pimena beverages from the Sukhna Kobayadtha Aturabisah spots in our house. In my opinion, the output is briefly every day I am waxing Boukrj needs better than its movie de. Infanticide Beetmcy with the girl in the desert at night, and carefully joined the scene in the world during the day. And suddenly they encounter a full orchestra in the heart of the desert, throw the mic Ahan Wade sings. Fein days Elly te music come from Sky and a regular viewer and enjoy Abiedia Baghannop. Zooom terribly long time on the name of academic ... Cutter and well-being they who fled the scene. Medicine in the other and thanked salvation. Get rid of the viewer suddenly and without meaning ... Mthelas means to get rid of: What do you say to them you need with ... And Kaaaaat!!! De Eih? De not know even one scene out Whitrb one with fire ... !!! As for the incident and spoke Arabic there is nothing wrong, Pine Hibt it original powers and allow him to speed braking normal. Humor remained in the bomb scene .. Principle is the bomb in the size of bricks like that ... Means the police school for a school to meet and hope revealed possible. All of my friends stayed Mautny of laughter is the expert tries Maskha and jaw in the hall Ptall Conference ... With the bomb was not a passenger in any need. Means possible Chilha hey Bella and kept in the dark libra and thrown into the Nile, for example, and salvation. Counter and Timer, for example Maverash Uorina minus ed Eih ... Bembe is the meaning and salvation. Representation remained: Myrna Engineer: Any O Myrna ... I do not know the role and been present one Pigmy them and is base ... Mama Gamady and feed yourself, and then Elly Itnkc Itsarh. But falling mo what de Akhaddnahoush lesson in "Amomn them." Reham Abdul Ghafoor: the talent and you have ... Diffusion stage and promised to ... Eih stayed??? Magherette scenario? Overall I hope you all and you may be Akhaddty receipts Secretariat Elly were they .... Choose to Ivtakery your roles and stayed the previous name and Ibuki. Haram on you. Ola Ghanem: All your role is that you tell the children the Macarua and focused, stayed on a little redundantly Feminist?!!! Random Thoughts and suddenly you have a kid his father Hrban pulp libra country. And squirt on him like that what Samanac Tani. Medicine means is to eat to live like that over, and said Eih Ptnbary of the movie ... Lenel is representative of all the world and then repudiate the action!!!! You do not Vakrena Hubble Ptsthbloa?. Mahmoud Kabil: Tsenih what Infc serials in the cinema ... A little life and the mercy of your brother. Edward: I went back to the role of Elabeet Alohtal Tani ... I said after Hassan and Morcos Anaraf stayed purify and produce paper scenario of toilet paper. Nader Hamdy and Ahmed El Shamy: Gamal El-Din Afghani Road, off Al-Ahram - Giza - next to the Hall of Sayed Darwish - postal code 11211 Tel & Fax: 202 5868203 ... De address of the School of Cinema. The spirit of his Dad and you Maacqua Take some authors and the director. And if Medjlokoth, right, tried to Termua Wooden students and are they talking about the curriculum, can be learned thing about cinema. ------------- Gambling and I just cross our Rivuohat for movies rubbish .. Although this usually Tervena, Vouktna and your time are built like that. Avatar The reason behind this change is that we, as viewers, we are in the Edna Nkhally film like this to get rid of cancerous tumors. Our role as viewers we Nkhally Kvtjip films States lose and go bankrupt ... I got the movie on the net loss because the Fairy Elly Hdfh in Albarkinj. De Ptsthpelln world, Bicoloa: you need any Ptqubloha, No one understand you, and do not take him in the cinema. And the length of what such films in the cinema remains a drawback, we like what we are is on them. Shows what extent any of the participants in the film, da, and if by chance, is required Ihzoh. He knows his place and our situation ... Understand that the uniform film Lachin (production 1938) and all the potential weak theatrical performance for the heroes when the art of cinema right Hrtlp not our Lord. Than the other: Time when the musicals ... Now you Istabatip movies. Rating: 1 / 10 