Movie Name: Lt. bad name by: Fady Shenouda is one of the worst films "Nicholas Cage" in 16 or 17 years .. if not the worst on record .. Actually make sure beyond a reasonable doubt that Nicholas Cage "Mdioowon to Chocth" and the directory is such a stupid movie .. Stupid .. Stupid! And do not know what Dhy "Val Kilmer" is the other to drag himself to the idiocy of this movie boring and stupid .. The realization of the right .. is the story with a noble goal .. and still the story of a scenario Toowoil Jaddaaaaa .. and too many scenes .. and Reggie Reggie Reggie! .. Eh!!! Loyalty and a very few representatives .. .. Three Star Ndjeman of them half stars .. Decor is weak .. Camera idiot .. Editor meaningless .. Director named "Hernr Herzog" has no name and no date is not real .. Herzog de Maine originally, my brother-Haj? Address of the first commercial crude .. the old (bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans!!) Owed by de name? De film "The Matrix" (the matrix) named most stylish and crossing it! Btaena de film like Bmslslat eighties U.S. television .. I do not know you inspired by the spirit of the series, for example, "Majnam" or "Miami Weiss" .. or two representatives of the Libyan Elly Impaired .. M Allokishnat is what the ridiculous .. Even the "trailer" movie the lip of two months was a "symbol" .. symbol of (garbage propaganda) .. but Hegib advertising director from where? .. Hayakhadd of "The Godfather" and land on the movie (my God, my God .. Libby, and degrades the director and scriptwriter and the author and the hero and composer and director of photography!) Or depression and cynicism and pettiness in control of the film .. And who is we "Mkoyen Behm, boss, or throughout the movie!) Through O remained the leader of Representatives Elly Talain you in a supportive Lador (Sneadp Hamada Hilal means!) .. Severe weakness and third tournaments very shallow .. Even the clothes .. clothes! not altered Champions .. like what they Mafnin along .. no one Mazm he Isthmy and changes Hdovernm! Mafnin Mafnin mean! How much and what the names of drugs that are ineffective and do not know what it is .. is the audience in America, but .. good medicine and the public know Ptall A. .. True .. a local film! (Eddie "dumping in the local" Jap backfired Bhoat O!) Directing .. Mowoz weak .. I mean, "mic" Elly to "stand" mobile .. mic Draa Abu long (4 meters and text) Beban from above the camera and is Belf as "Istidy cam!" And violin screen Bainp the water points for no apparent reason, or .. the concept of the end for very long and has not been terminated in an exemplary manner .. and was like a little movie by the end of five tiger Quay! (Farid Shawky - Mahmoud Miligy - Taheya - Huda Sultan!) Long duration of the movie .. and a lot could have been deleted .. and a lot was is possible to re-write .. and there are things that the film is palatable and meaningless .. such a young actor with long hair brown Akrt dancing mirror the spirit of a man filled with a white semi-old obese !! (After he was shot!) Motives in the film .. weak .. dramatic lapses many flaws and a lot of strange stories .. Alsinari certainly been the development of an end .. because the line and Alsmajp The reality and Alrt gossip and very much .. Need to "Ofer" forces .. Even the "Mick" and silly hairstyles, and is perfect .. And then, the coincidence is justified and "romped in the foundations" (non-Allamwakzp!) And then, one in the late forties and Lesa lieutenant?! .. Lieutenant?? I Maarafc What do you order there? Mean .. But why? And remained a leading Atrqy Ahan after the operation succeeded!! Director of Photography and de .. "Peter Ziteleynger" .. A message in a reply .. that engages Chglanp similar Chglanp "Trcjy" in Egypt before they left, "manager" The portrayal of one piece .. Music stayed .. Rubbish! Than the other .. Could be the end .. (and the decor was very bad) .. .. carries the meaning can be translated something .. Lee tend to understand .. De Li .. Rating: 4.25/10 