Movie Name: Ibrahim Ibrahim White White Maine?? (From ..... (July 8, 2009) (bad) Author: Leila Arab writers *** This criticism may contain information burn story *** The only thing who kept me from going out of the cinema in the text of the film is Mahmoud Abdel Dear .. I am up to this moment I did not understand the story! and I can not define the story of Abraham White inter useful .. I can not communicate with the story and that of poor connectivity and lack of builders to provide figures in a logical and continuous, so why should Ibrahim, White has the spirit of criminal since childhood and even if injustice as a child?! Betold end, there's no criminal! And what is the reason for the presence or fairy in the story if the writer has decided to kill her after they suddenly started building her character and directly after starting the viewer to continue with it? What added to the story? .. And Hanan Turk, too??? Fairy and disabled brother?? Fairy and decided by revenge and worked all Almassaib to Ammelthabhakd back at the last Hzpo change her mind?!! It was not a scene Fairy Ttheloa Msthip Ibrahim and white is the way the same scene in Haifa Haifa Wehbe, justification for the proof it is still something you love Love and lust is something else completely different as well as it continued to retaliate after this scene. As I build the characters were weak and Ocarni that the writer was just making up events to keep the characters going in any way involve the making of these events, as well as Action seems clear and tangible Vodechlni in a state of tension and I was watching a group of interrelated scenes non-researcher on the story. There is no doubt that Mahmoud Abdel Aziz, made the subject worthy effort, I enjoyed every word rendered and I wished that the movie is all .. Download the text is from the weak performance and thoughtful of others and to some representatives who can decide the performance of roles in the film just to be creative with Mahmoud Abdel-Aziz .. Text correctly Poor Old Almmt For to feel the role would possibly make you feel with him Vamr said Khalani understand is Maine and I understand his feelings with, I am not from Egypt Old noticed a big difference between the tone of Amr Waked, and the tone of Ahmed El Sakka is clear that the tone and stressed and i leaflet his considered opinion is i leaflet youth who Aychen in the environment and then For this environment, I felt it (bully), and half of them in the Levant and that one of them this personal familiar because this group of young people exist in every Arab society and in the whole world even, and Sakka was talking and then for any man living in the city Hyapaadip talking duck leaflet and tone possible to say that it was something elegant at times. For the environment, she conveyed a sense where I could enjoy the scenery in terms of decor and lanes and clothing regardless of the belt of GUCCI, the new model regardless of the original and to not tradition, who was dressed up Sakka length of the movie is poor from the slums. Details of a very simple such as possible to call into question the credibility of personal or even destroyed .. Old what we have. Director tried to make action film "sophisticated" Just try to be increased. Halq and only on the last scene when he came Abdelmalek Starling & Sons revenge from Abraham White. Les was in the glass on the Stagecoach and attacked him through it???? What scenes of the first Chave Rockaway Azaz and it is they know Mtkhbayn conatis my sorrow! Means the element of thrill Ithrq we just wait and increased movement of amniotic Motion tedious topic. And then, was beaten and anatomy White with knives and burned and hound the fire hard and Tefaha and and does not smudge or Athrq naked anything! And dimensions sat for an hour disputes and blood come down from his mouth, as if the blood is the element content only for the classification of the film that Action. If you were not available all the essential elements of the action film industry, why should he do?? What people Bchow best techniques and stories in the Western movies and Btaatbst! And if the aim is to see the heroes, victims or social or humanitarian stories that reflect our society and of which at least reflect this fact or even fiction Besanap good movies or Balash. I came out of the cinema and I listen to people Isthzaat and disappointment in the film and concluded that I entered the film business market of the names of and worked on it strange that all the big names Omtatnamn before! Rating: 3 / 10 