Movie Name: Shaban Knight Author: Fady Shenouda is a state of technical Ik Ik .. Film .. The idea of the result of chance or luck .. anger .. or .. I do not know .. and soon formed and crystallized Made of the evening television channel Ptua Altaltp Elly was "Pttafrd" We have seven years (of course if de do not want to show the hypocritical political program or the first foreign film production 1983 Altanih !!).., but in the form of a film screening of the Eid al-Adha .. Cheek of you have stayed! Ahmed Adam is a comedy too big .. and the humor is very high .. and tried in vain to employ humor to serve this text Almthri .. .. derived from two sources, one Egyptian and the other U.S. .. with some action .. Plied film-makers as much as Isttallm .. but "as much as they can," this is not enough .. not enough .. and do not suffice .. and not enough .. any art critic or analyst, or even a TV Cine .. Not enough any educated man! Adopted the scriptwriter and director of his successor, and the hero .. thought to draw cartoon character .. or what could be called "Karaktar" .. .. or a personal vehicle with inflated rates .. Ahmed Adam does not suffice to represent the negative image of the human Akhawav only .. but his heart a man Raadida very shaky personal cheese .. .. .. totally lost confidence minus "manliness" .. "Peggy Peggy footmen and do not have immunity!" And like the dozens of foreign films .. I love this father and son wants to emphasize the courage and the feet of his father's (imaginary) .. but his father is his idol (end Faker film "Wankel Zizou Habibi?" Crying Mohammed Sobhy and Coca) decides to send .. name to one of the programs (TV Reality) which has been deployed in the West in the past ten years and began to spread Arab almost 4 years ago (in Lebanon, of course .. and handed me the Egyptian leadership media) disabled!) And the program name is the first knight (on this occasion and pay tribute to all thin of the great artist and artist Sean Connery, Richard Gere.) Why was the lure Joumana Mourad of the film? Les stayed? Is it a magnet for teenagers or the owners of late adolescence? What for you danced TWO, for example? But it did not satisfy the spectators (anatomically) and I like just as artisans and youth popular areas Alsoqp who scrambled to Nasr City Cinemas! The rest of the heroes almost coming to eat and unwind live scene here .. .. and a scene there .. almost Bravanat .. "to Tzanat" to fill the movie .. most of the events from the two engines of extras .. Lotfy Labib became Hasan Hosni (Part II) .. and money S. .. people eat to live, O Man .. no art without nonsense! Photography .. .. trifle unusual stereotyped .. .. .. traditional boring. Decoration .. baggage! Music .. is significant .. Montage .. I mean .. Scenario .. weak .. Prosaic dialogue .. .. and I've added Ahmed Adam, a lot of mental stock .. and this is very clear .. Ahmed El Saadani is the only good movie .. and promises a beautiful representative of the comedy and the right of his best roles Hakiq .. comedy ever .. real talent .. even though he repeats his role almost as it is in the film, "What crime" by Mohamed Henedy (one of the worst Movies Mohamed Henedy at all.) End of the film are derived from the atmosphere .. .. and still the U.S. similar to the end of the movie (love like that) for the Hamada Helal and Dora Marzouk. If you are not Zehghan .. and met a need that you make the best of .. Lahu Mafeesh .. .. all night .. Butwabh Rating: 4.75/10 