Movie Name: wasp Author: Murad Mustafa Arabian nationals n last name wasp willing T. circumstances cinema unfortunate production and distribution and marketing to jump him and make him duck does! .. But i bug again and wasp is the latest fashion film which has achieved some success at the level of income only because the public is conscious of others and who I represent to make Saad Al Macki, always sit on the throne of revenue and, unfortunately, the public non-conscious wacth t Bactearer Aowoy of the public who has a good sense of a film ..... When the film came lamps Mohamed Saad baffled Egyptian cinema market completely and increased the personal reward of a few thousand to a few million was terrifying success at the level of income and was a box then unprecedented Yale at the box office of Egypt since the disease T and even this film it is a good T Ala that history does not repeat itself, no matter what similarities and the facts in some detail, here it is for the indicated new has been reproduced watt Lq by wasp and i remarkable propaganda promoted as a movie star Although the demand for the next happened to him in the premiere week .. But conscious that the public does not bite, lamps twice ......... The story is that the appearance of lamps cinematically shocking social, and this achieved success was a segment of society is poor and existing slide and have seen, every day they Alsrihp who roam the streets of Cairo Swissboring Overseas in the slums either slide, which come from wasp is the paradox perfectly for this slide, which tired of large amounts of money which have And extravagance and wealth who that live here contrast between the faithful and H Bulbs. Let us remember how the wasp appeared on the art scene? Indeed, it was in the comedy serial "Tamer and Shawkeyah" So Altqto makers of this series Personal Haitham wasp models of youth see it, in fact, have liked the form of personal, without any attention to their origin and separated and were satisfied with its appearance is strange, and his words Alambtmalp the unwarranted and imitates the young Alammerikiy deviant and uses language and English words Therefore, to draw attention to it and picked it up just before Yusuf Railway in "Morgan Ahmed Morgan" to be a model for the young Rewish at a private university and his father, who stole a lot of money from banks and imprisoned .... The film wasp to say on the Archimedes method and found it! .. To provide industry: Ahmed Mekki wasp Let us speak to the output does not have thrown the movie was walking at random without any thoughtful planning and director Ahmed El Gendy proved to all that the director of "" the case may Aowoy "" .. The story of Ahmed Fahmy is boring and is known its events from the beginning, a man Tsthoeh Roshina the American way, and his father was just a worker and became the owner of Beauty big, and imprisoned for any reason and becomes a young man Rewish H without shelter or food by moving to a popular neighborhood tradition of personal lamps but the words look different and foreign, not local ... Hassan Hosni, of course, in addition to his roles bad, which does not make sense, even under Hassan Hosny on carrying out these roles disappeared legend Hosni Hosny and all representatives of sub-standard performance of very faint and the movie is boring and naive understanding of making a movie on the way "night Nehrj" but also Alaverat vulgar "language of the Internet" not understanding that control is taken against all of the work on making this film failed. But in the end, like I say all that is sad that reached him in the cinema recently, you become nothing idiots only makes us laugh and ridicule and street children of the owners of deviant behavior, whether in motor performance or verbal? .. I do not think ... because I think the wasp is the end of the phenomenon of Ambawip. Rating: 1 / 10 