Studied _khasos complement the deterioration of the Egyptian cinema, was to provide a new film of the singer Mohamed Attia just for his success in a recreational programs that made him a singer Arab superiority to the rest of the participants with him! No objection to singing or representation, but on the topics covered, both in his songs or in the first film shows the experience of his "tutorial", and the beginning of the name of the movie you can conclude that he will play a preacher, and he will try to correct the mistakes of the society around them. Although the beginning of the film showed passivity towards the political situation and going out on a demonstration for his own purpose - the desire to get hold of the ownership of his father's house - it appears to us in the second part a different person filled with the values and ethics in his criticism of his sons who have become greater than age, is it could be drowning in the sea change in relationship behavior?! And there is something odd last that when he went from Alexandria on the ship "Dora ports" was heading off to Europe, that is, by the Mediterranean Sea, and then finds himself expresses Triangle Bermuda in the Atlantic Ocean, and then picks one of the ships from the sea to escape and jumps into the water and finds himself in Safaga Red Sea! Comedy of the border .. And had to be the based on the submission to be aware that addressing the audience knows at least a map and his country, and knows that Alexandria, a city on the Mediterranean Sea in the north of the Arab Republic of Egypt, and Safaga on the Red Sea which is on the eastern side, it is clear that there are several things not understood by policymakers to work! When I saw the film I felt that it was more like a series of sketches is interrelated, and find that the scenes and characters appear simply because he "must" arise, such as personal girl chasing gift in Safaga in Cairo, without knowing anything about it, as if it were imposed on the film! And the man who appears at the end of the movie to marry Hala Fakher, feel like just "Karakatr" He wanted to add the author or director without cause, and that they "Hacroh" to complete the form of sketches I am talking about. Also appeared twice dialogue through lengthening of some representatives of the sentences of their own, as if the viewer is not agreed and if there were no paper written in advance of all that, and that the agreement concluded on the basis that "the whole Bicdja game is sweet," and that the scene who laughs the most is that it will be displayed! The proof of this scene the rise of three sons on board the boat for the voyage with their father's gift, and went on Salah Abdullah in the dialogue, it is clear that he did not care what is written in the script because the rest of his colleagues laughed as if they were the first time they hear these phrases talk probably! Scenery and rain inside the house, which went even further when Hassan Hosni in "to right" gift, which made him laugh a gift and hides the face of the camera. The movie was like a trip between the group of friends, and footage of comedy in the trip will be the work of a film of them. But I would like to note from the scene of the ship disappear into the sea, a sight-based graphics and repeat several times, and my point of view I think that scene is promising, because the scene of the Egyptian cinema is fresh and was done perfectly, which makes it remarkable and calls for optimism. The soundtrack for Nader Hamdi good to some extent to suit the atmosphere of the comedy film, but did not review the talents, perhaps for certain that the work is not on the level?! In the end, I like to point out that Mohammed Atia in the film gave the performance of a representative well - the first task - but he needs to learn to work through more representation, and gain experience to be able to after that "produced outstanding work," a movie alone! User Rating: 2 