Abu Ali, "near the ... ... we have Orteurrrrrrb magician and a game and daggers .... etc." I could not stop myself from calling the image of that rural men who advertise for his tent during the celebrations, the popular after the completion of a film, Abu Ali, the first film director Ahmed Galal. I felt that the crew work, especially Gela's author Bilal Fadl, who has a balance of good movies "of comedy and light" as they call them, they sat together since he was Abu Ali, the idea of crawling in Aklhma the question: What is the surest way to attract the largest number of public holiday all of the properties owned by different for God's creation from the masses of the rest of the year? Bt sell the vast majority of the public looking More laughter, then we should rely on some "Aliiverat" distributed on the tongues of the armpit of the movie as well as hiring some people with features of large then for T Fella "Sokka," the young man who appeared next to Kareem Abdul-Aziz when Ast Draped in warm subjected to interrogation officer and finally left adequate space for the talent and then for "victory" and "i REJ Zakaria," to take into their share of the audiences laugh. But the comedy alone is not a guarantee for the success of the film festival, you must add a little excitement through the night to hunt for the ring road and the successful attempts to escape from the police until the second jump in the Nile naive. We need not only a love story which of course would be inflamed among the cream of me, but would not it be better if we add a bit or two other types of love? Then add a deep friendship between the cream and Talaat Zakaria add a link to the fungal cream younger brother. We will not forget to add an emotional song is "somehow squeeze" in the film and video clips Tsouriha exploitation of some of the physical manifestations and at all marketing channels on the songs you are looking for anything filled by 24 hours of transmission. Now, Ajtemtat us, "mix" right and we can view the film at the feast without fear or concern at the box office. The sole winner of this work is the Mona Zaki, has an entirely new role by embodying the girl done good and tense always supported the performance of some physical Allzimat such as a nail-biting habit that got rid of them gradually with the evolution of events in reference to the stability of which gained after the identification of the right man. Cream has not lost anything, but it also did not win, the same character that her body before in all his films .. Handsome young beloved son of the country before which the CEGEP it broken quickly, before choking inside, so that in some scenes, especially with his little brother of the patient and during his statement, his love for me is built on the performance of "carbon" transferee of scenes in the movie "thieves KGB Tu," which was the name of good .. Too! User Rating: 2 