Dictator "dictatorship" is a case of the third world, leaving it as it is until further notice from the developed countries that represent the great powers in the world. Dictator is a comic idea for a scenario contains some projections, but political and implemented it into a comic film is cheap does not depend on the black comedy or drama or projections and political inspired by real life. When you see the events of the film's first dictator, "Shannon" - Hassan Hosny - is fully satisfied that the film is substandard, does not provide what awaited the Egyptian audience, The issue is just the idea of "Tguet" in the brain of Khaled Sarhan and presented to the director Ihab Lamey and "Gap" Michel Nabil writes his script and dialogue, which it is clear that the novice. The basic idea of the film is good, but lose the implementation of quality, bringing the film a comic by a representative of simply appearing in the Doralbtoulp absolute, which forced many of the public display to leave after the first ten minutes of events even before the onset of the Lebanese singer Maya Nasri! In the middle of the film began to ingest the basic idea that tries to Sarhan presented to the public an idea that the dictator who ruled his people and makes his living Qmiip even held the coup and calling people to death, and the Secretariat to say that the film directly in political projections, but it is rewarding to the viewer. Did not adopt the director Ihab to me in getting rid of any innovative aspects to improve the image of the drama or comedy film, has adopted the text of his talk show and the performance of each of the artists Hassan Hosni and Ezzat Abu Ouf, Khaled Sarhan in the embodiment of their identities. The events of the film directorial many errors that have not heeded her director Ihab Lamey, also appeared twice in the film production, as well as the montage where the transition between scenes seemed very strange, to feel that the viewer is just "filler" just to fill the vacuum. Khaled Sarhan did not proficient in any type of substantive representation, we have relied on the movement physical and some expressions of his face that did not try to change it since the beginning of his film, It's interesting that Sirhan says, "I want to give the first Btolaty individual idea of a new and different that what has been achieved in this film ". One of the most comic scenes in the movie video clip by Khaled Sarhan among a group of girls wearing "bikini" and chanting "Baqarah Baqarah spirit and exalted, O dear," which is taken from the melody of "The frequency-time occupation, the English words" Oh dear Baqarah Kobe kiss? English " , which raised the most disgusting scenes role of the show. The idea of twin duplicate and always appear in the film to be one of them is bad manners and other good manners, but Sirhan out twins, one is interested in selling his country and others interested in the relations of women, which made him realize that if he can change a personal one and make it good manners Oot Ni during the events Conflict will be stronger and comedy drama The might of the film some scenes drama that Tait e importance faq t! The Lebanese singer Maya Nasri embodied the role of school history and nature of the role but did not give it the space to show their talent representative, I felt that she had not even made a very Doraadia did not need any effort. Artist Hassan Hosni do not know if it was supposed to talk about his role and his performance or not, has used the existence of Hosni in all movies about ten years ago, is not different from performance in both roles drama or comedy, I do not think RATING for his role in this work will be different because the same performance provided by the most roles, it had become Hosni mark in the Young Cinema. One of the most provocative scenes movie scene I'm forcing the ruling, "Aziz," the ambassador Alpmbouzay, which is expressed by Farouk Flux, to dance, "Balsajat" in a political groupings important and only come out of the embassy early retirement! I came out of the display of the film Vtgayt from the mouths of spectators many of the criticisms that the film "substandard" and some of the comments that you hear do not you write be sure you understand my intention, in the end it did not work the film only in the output of the idea that "It remains what it is "This is what Ath Sarhan bits at the end of the film re-entry of the dictator to his throne and the beginning of E of a series of qualifiers for the men of the coup. User Rating: 1 