Ghawi love I did not find the film more than a suspension of viewers who resent and said sarcastically, "do not laugh of laughter films Lord of the emotional and Boha Atboutrna .. we are led to the grace and the result .. I do not film it without understanding their intent Idgona eh ..? Matqdash!" Expression was largely approved, you will not find you more than this kind of films .. But at least it did not Idgh at least! Beginning in the film, which usually attracts you to enjoy the movie or at least not Thvzk to take a position counter of the movie was not successful, he was carrying the line of a naive and, unfortunately, is easy to avoid it, phelet Phil, who loves his neighbor throwing her letters love in a paper from balcony and are reflected upon, The day of his departure must stretch T - I do not know which is caused by - and throw him a message to learn their departure, each penetrating the paper never Rat water - which did not fall here - and up to the beloved dry! The beginning was weak drama did not help to build a movie it did not give any example, an important backdrop for the film, but forgot important aspects such as the relationship with his friend Salah al-Walid "Ramiz Jalal" and the daughter of the king's aunt. He emerged after Altir child after he became Mohammed Fouad, but did not forget his sweetheart, which has become a solution Shiha and was married to Khaled El-Sawy, and expected to see a romantic film, the quality of the films Abdul Halim but I did not find it and I tried very hard rated movie, but I did not find it romantic or ActionScript or social, then and found that it can be classified scenes each scene separately, because each scene stands alone! It is strange that there are people who added her dialogue so that its role is small, then added some scenes of laughter as "well-being," such as scenery Abdullah Musharraf's only his wife and his daughter, who appeared weak character older brother of Salah and the arrogance of his wife, but this did not affect the relative or remote to the sequence of events was not altered. The film was a collection of clips most notably the song "Habibi Ya" which was filmed without regard to the events of the film, there has been no indication that Fouad, a solution would travel, or it will be repeated they came out with that afternoon, the sea and came the day and night followed day last, as if there is a relationship between the song and the events of the film. But faq T thing that struck me is Ahmed Al-Badri movie director who made some new images to our eyes, including the scene Fouad in connexion with coming off of his old house that holds memories with the king and remember to play and talk with his sweetheart, and the new is the presence of Salah in the scene he sees himself small, and I think that the scene across Bmnt oz memories of ducks, because that's made us watch the ducks For from abroad to live with Tejelath then what others do always. The villa was the scene of conquerable to save the king of appropriate, did not show a hit all people, but he used a stick electric and a wooden stick to the surprises of the guards and gave Mnoma for dogs, but how did you know where you stash Fouad Khaled El Sawy where his wife?! For his part, the usual Fouad did not provide new in his films, but fell Kitt Iraama presented in the "Ismaili coming and going," which divided the history of Egyptian cinema in two pre-Ismaili and beyond, and the solution Sheha, despite their ability to acceptable proof is herself and her talent but did not progress so far confirms this talent that began to appear in "peace and bakacad Abane" w m Int Bring rapidly in the "lamps" and roles Asunaidp After that, Ramez Jalal this young man slit light, which makes fun of movies try to progress the line and his important film about the roles of ducks with it Tos t because of the extreme vulnerability of the film, did not Istt p until the submission of roles and light. If "Ghawi love" is the third version of the quality of the films after Fouad "Ismaili .." And "Journey of Love", I mean beautiful girl friend and comedian and villain who wants to line P sweetheart of it, but the love between ducks Lin wins always "all out there," but it's worse than any before, and it seems that Fouad back to this combination that he has the public as well, Fuad also clear that luck amulet for the youth and then Komideanat Shares of all the Mohamed Heneidy, Ahmed Helmy after cooperation with him, does the cycle of Ramiz Jalal? I do not think .. Because of the film and not Ramiz Jalal, who has helped him to make the film all of his. It is the similarities between his films bakacad Lat e that each time must be cast by the line or monologue about the advantages of the Nile and meet E and his love of the Egyptians, and non-discrimination between rich and poor, and this repetition of the situation It suggested the question of whether Fouad actually linked to the Nile to this extent or whether it wants to give an atmosphere of Altot t is real? , But more importantly the answer to this question is why this praise of the Nile, which does not require all this?! User Rating: 1 