Lase seventh "a man suffering from a failure in his life, especially in his relations with women, granting coincidence uncanny ability of being able to read other people's ideas, which change his life completely." This is the main idea that came out of the famous American film What Women Want star Mel Gibson, which is quoted by the director Ahmed Mekki to present his first feature, "seventh sense". Mackie made sense in the seventh character "Yahya Egyptian" Kung Fu champion who does not know one, and that granting chance "seventh sense" which can listen to the ideas of women, where changed his life completely. May be the idea quoted from the movie Gibson, who produced in 2000, is the basis upon which Mackie his first film, through the fantasy girl allowed him to criticize what he sees as worth it, using a group of young people dealing with the film market, the introduction of version lengthy of the film has been classified as one of the top 60 short film in the world. The main criticism made by the film "The Seventh Sense" is the adoption of the Egyptian Pharaonic civilization, and Iasrariham to rely on the achievements of ancestors, saying "You are Maine and worked eh .. Not the son of Maine, "but he continued in a series of criticisms began to apply the primitive news, and the way some of the dubbing of foreign films, and advertising campaigns that support the fragile Egyptian world, and human relations between members of one family, friendship and education. But soon you find yourself lost amid so many criticisms of the film to disappear behind the real story, which revolves around the athlete seeks to prove its existence, and finds him an easy way to enable access to all of his dreams, but Bdh about his life simple and everyone loved him truly, to come out the movie lost between the love story is poignant and a set of criticisms is completed. May be a director Ahmed Makki may imagine that this is his last, so try to put a part of everything, did not put something in a specific or clear, and go about Mackie writing the script for the output T Timings potential of the armpit of the first and foremost Fishawy Little, who does not appear i Alimentation comedy expected, and despite the fact that Fishawi talent is not in doubt but it is still in need of some experience which enables it to withstand an attack in front of his film's stars in the intense summer season. As was the case with the rest of the crew of the movie where the back of everyone's lack of experience and clear as the sun. Rania Kurdi not been able to exploit a golden opportunity provided them on a platter of gold, it was not personal, "Mona" that dream Yahya conjunction of force required or effective in the sense, where we limited role on some romantic scenes, which were not convincing, and ignore the scenario role He was supposed to play "Mona" in the re-Yahya to his senses. It's no secret that my eyes had been struck by fatigue during my attempts to follow up the battle scenes, or "Action" in the film, to try to justify the strange way that was filming in this way only annoying because there was no training on these personal snapshots. Soundtracks were like those that accompany the cartoon, is not clear or distinct, but they served strongly positions provided comedy, a young composer, Shadi Al was able to take advantage of the meager resources available to him to provide something simple is not impressive, but it is impressive. User Rating: 2 