A Tangled Head Unlike many of our critics, I find no harm from the presence of films of a quality "lamps" and "Aunt France", they are movies did not lie armourers days to say that they provide masterpieces .. She films the audience laugh and subjected to a class of society may be absent from us, and this is what made me go to watch the movie "A Tangled Head" without prejudice, but .. The heroes of the film to another opinion! Film began with the idea tricked me and made me Otosm is good, about a young man and his father, and their own people that dream of entering the police academy, and I thought it would reflect what some police officers from the hand of a long in the warm Egyptian, especially with the song "Creator" Saad, small, in which he says "we are what Npch in the log cabin , even a thousand workers share "or saying," If you have a dead issue .. Yusuf Pasha Irog in Arabic. " But my hopes have collapsed all after the failure of Yusuf Pasha and Ahmed Rizk to enter the Police Academy because of its size, which was not helping him in the output of laughter from his audience, and even when he used the tribe of the owners of large size on the screen in the roles of family, his fiancee, which is the artist Maha Ahmad most agility, not could combine "chubby" Idhakna. The failure of the right of the Son of income to enroll in the Academy of condition e go to the Father Almighty, Hassan Hosni, the Ath bit in dozens of films and serials that he was able to perform Various roles, in comedy it is the language of Gul income, but it has here with the special features and the role of the sleazy character does not have any kind of roots says camel dialogue is far from comedy, except from some jokes from the modulation of individual words and so on. In contrast, the new thief Ashraf Abdul Baqi in the performance of personal Nknok, a criminal light blood, although it suffered a bushy Lira by the movement of his head and his eyes permanent nerve, so that Idhakna over the film based on the emergence of Nknok and his assistant "cockeyed" Dabsha, which brings us back to the cylinder Orp modern e lamps, which It We bit the movie "A Tangled Head" How is this man versed, namely Mohamed Saad, who began a series of warm down and view samples of alien to us, and the use of physical movements of dance to a change in his face and singing, and so on. Which is what we saw in the movie "A Tangled Head" divided by the Assistant to the poor Nknok, dancer and performer in the small-Saad, who was not the movie in my faq T of an opportunity for him to portray its reviews singing with his band, and if we accept his first single for the success of livelihood in bakacad nuclei public and bakacad utensils as Farah Hassan Hosni his son, and the fourth as the song joy duck's duck him the film, Valognep bakacad bakacad e can not accept never there is fit any event, is not small Abdel Halim Hafez, who single out a space for the song sung after i reply from his home. And all I am against the existence of these songs together, and openly against the existence of small himself in the film, whether technically or from a purely commercial, it is not stretch the Lord, who has represented the nucleus of To, nor is the star, which guarantees the success of a film scenario so sleazy, and his songs are free publicity that would be terrible for the film, and most probably, the applet is the sole beneficiary of his presence in this film. While the long list of losers to include livelihood and Hosni Abd al-Baqi and even Maha Ahmed and director Ahmed Al-Badri .. I am you. User Rating: 2 