The Legend Of Zorro may be my going to follow the prior opinion of the film is often advised me to accept the terrible transformation in the course of events, it is not easy to be impressed the first part of the controversial film, which was introduced in 1998 to accept the second part character drama comedy satire! "No one has everything" .. This is the new message, which tried the second part of the movie "Zorro", which is titled "The Legend of Zorro" or The Legend Of Zorro by events, although it has become the hero the first and only I have many, it was facing a real crisis in his home is that his son only sees a weak person and wishes to see such as "Zorro" great hero, and his wife became otherwise permanently with him because of the repetition of the promises which are not implemented to retire! But although the plot of the subject well, the issue is a human comedy in the first place, the first part Fhak Sekchwoa the second part of the film is not much expected from the excitement! In an attempt to film-makers to cover this mistake and put a new threat combat it hero "Zorro", where he faces Zorro differences family, which prompted his wife to seek divorce, and Destiny has chosen to be the mastermind of this danger is "Armando" lover old to his beautiful wife, "Elena," to become film to a family foundation to fight evil. I did not see any logical reason for this except to put filmmakers wife Zorro and his son in the image to realize the importance of what he is doing, the film ends, as usual happy ending, which falls on the "Elena" to continue her husband in the fight against evil and to recognize the little boy on the identity of his father's real hero is great. The soundtrack, which earned the composer Eduardo Jomba character comedy fun of the film, which is what I see commensurate with a very new spirit, but at the same time I find the reliance the main on the same great music written by composer James Horner and not leaving what is new is very strange! Part comedy, which was adopted in which the new director Martin Campbell on the wonderful graphics with the assistance of a horse training Zoro famous "Tornado" was one of the most prominent elements in the work, which earned him fame and wide Tornado so far. And to the lovers say the excitement and Action: This is not your place preferred .. In a radical transformation of the events of the story of legendary Spanish "Zorro", which turned in the second part is a humanitarian drama to comedies primarily in the plot, good as new! User Rating: 2 