7 papers Kuchinp certainly camcorder featuring Dr. Sheriff Sabri something different from the rest of the directors, where you will find a strong interest in color and composition of the picture, as they are also characterized by the so-called "Chiaka" image, has emerged through the ads successful, which we see on the small screen, and then appeared in his first "7 And piles of papers, "where you will find that the picture is generally good and consistent colors and clear, as I see that the camera movements and angles selected by the d. Sharif is also good. But I Oattab on the scenario, where there are some scenes successive feel as if not logical in the occurrence or sequencing, making Scenarist poor and non-cohesive, coherent Vogda The dialogue in the scenes and other scenes in what is said is not related to the topic!!! , As I see that the dialogue was used phrases and sentences "supposed" to be is not clear, but "as meaning" reflects the substance of sexual "permissible", for example, when you ask Rania young flirt Tariq says "I hear you You love the fairer sex .. Verde Tariq said: baby i love sex so if you do not nice! " , And when the manager asks Tariq Ahmed for "sexual intercourse" mean "meeting" was successful? , And the rest of the film carries some of the sentences talk of this kind. For represented Yale I find that all young people in the film, had tried hard to follow the guidance director, but I think that the weakness of the script and dialogue to make their Dapfa, but the first experience for each of them and Rania Youssef and Mohamed Suleiman, all of them Ath Bit that has a presence on the screen but it will be explained in a scenario and dialogue stronger than that, but for Robbie has appeared to us by their qualifications Kmmt him with the film director Youssef Chahine in the film "Scott Hansawwar", but Sharif Sabri has shown us their potential Folkloric and singing good clearly i and the events of the film. A montage I find it very good because the rhythm of the movie fast and suitable for display, and the method of Sharif Sabri, in editing a new and different from the movies of Egyptian cinema, where it is not unusual to find between scenes expressions of notes for the following events, but he used it as a useful and Comedy Sometimes in this film. Suitable for decoration and atmosphere of the film is simple and at the same time suitable for "Chiaka" image that appears in the camera. The soundtrack, we find that the young composer Khaled Izz appeared its ability to innovate soundtrack to a film suitable and enjoyable appeared well in this movie. User Rating: 2 