New York when I saw the heroine of the film it is going on behind her husband and hero of the movie, I remembered the famous scene on the spot "Mona Ahmed ..", and what we we see the Egyptian cinema in the sixties of last century! I expected when I decided to watch the movie Indian "New York" I Sohahd films like Indian films that have achieved success as a movie "Slumdog Millionaire" or "My Name Is Khan", who achieved unexpected success in all countries of the world, including Egypt. But unfortunately I saw a story repeated in hundreds of films so far, where the film tells the American treatment of Muslims as terrorists after the September 11 events, which have already been discussed more than a film. The story of the film revolves around three friends in the university, "Omar, Samir and Maya", circumstances keep them from each other, and become one of them, "Samir" to a terrorist, and calls the CIA "FBI" from his friend Omar that assisted in his arrest. The performance was representative of the heroes of the three, the highlights that attracted me and I liked the elements of the film, the brilliance of John Abraham, who embodies the role of "Samir", Katrina Kaif that appear in the role of "Maya", and Neil Nitin Mukesh in the role of "Omar." In addition to the representation, there have been positive things film, most notably the image quality, as well as special musical soundtracks. But the film contains several contradictions, including that the heroes of the film are all Muslims, though, and for the events of the film, drink wine and talk, including relations outside of marriage! And more scene aroused confusion is the scene of one of the representatives, "It is assumed he is a Muslim," a suicide, and before doing so consider the Cross over the church in front of him, then threw himself from the roof of the house!!! It remains the most raised my disappointment in the movie "New York" length of the exaggerated, and it seems that he's inherited this feature from the Hindi films of old, which was run for three hours of entertainment, with a total duration of the film to about 153 minutes, while the film's director, Kabir Khan, he could have shorten a lot of scenes, especially those that tells the "lifetime" of memories. Way out in the prolonged "explained Tvhis and scrutiny," many of the events without any justification! He could be shortened even have mercy on the scenes of the terrible situation well the boredom while watching such scenes. As for the end of the film, it was an amazing surprise for me! Where he was killed, "Maya" heroine of the film without any reason or need to, only to provide the dose of drama film. We find that the CIA killed her husband, "Samir" is like running on the lines of "Ahmed, Muna" in Egyptian cinema, who died for him, and leave their child an orphan small rears to their friend "Omar." "New York" a wonderful film with a message, namely, that what the United States of unjust arrests following the events of September 11, that may push some to already be a terrorist to regain the dignity that has been despoiled. But it is possible to get the message without a film that fatigue, which dominated the events, which is caused by the presence of scenes do not carry any value, has made the positive aspects of the film sink in a sea of boredom caused by the filmmaker. User Rating: 2 