Hitch movie "Hitch" would be easier you can hate a movie this spring, it is of such quality that they could get away easily from the classification of "Popcorn Movies" but in the end not be able to access this "honor" satisfied with his mission as a movie associated with the process of eating itself Popcorn not more, confused as to which of sad ... the ticket price or the failure of the film to become fun right?!! "Hitch "Will remind you of all the comedies romantic i Raz era of nineties, which combines the bright stars, the ideas of a glamorous, plots have a degree of intelligence, and the form of dramatic comedy be the bet to make the largest number of laughs, those types have been known processors highly successful shift from just films are very entertaining to study the uniqueness and seriousness of the relations of Alomryiken At Faithful, as in the film director and screenwriter Nora Ephron, or can this quality also become the best way to abort the Great Ideas then what was the case with movies and then for "She is All That" or "Kate & Leopold", and here is the hitch is the best abortion of Hollywood in recent years. The real problem in "Hitch "The first work of screenwriter Kevin Bisch it was cooked," full size "and craftsmanship and fully on the" size "supporting actor Will Smith, who has been fighting hard-core criminals and invaders of the planet and Alropots during the past ten years, only to return again to his farm favorite comedy, and perhaps the fourth The time of the first "Hitch , "Which is the provision of a personal hero of the best evidence the case of" detail "which has been sacrificed for the eyes of Smith, you will not find a flow dramatically, and rhythm renewed and humor in the romantic comedy as you'll find in the minutes" Hitch "opening, which speaks to us where our hero face to face in a more convincing method of "Alfie "Pathetic, which will enable us to identify and unite completely with accurate personal details about Alex, which explain special skills by listing interesting to Tjarb parallel to three of his clients, in their attempts rhythm with girls of their dreams, and in spite of the lack of charisma. Except that the character of Alex Hecht looks Kkasanova the new century, which can provide services paid for by the SMS. It would be hard not to fall in love with "Hitch" is a figure of flesh and blood, three Ye-dimensional you can see them, and perhaps access under the skin, with its history and experiences, and beliefs of personal style in modern, mst of Hatha innovative, you might even reach the level of wish to get in on this number, "Het That "in order to benefit from its services in time, it seemed as Savior modern, specially prepared for the new century, in order to change that perception the U.S." losers "in the world of men, P" Hitch "devoted his life to correct the situation. But what to start a personal "Hitch" in the disappearance For a few moments on the screen until almost sneaking into yourself the feeling that someone has switched to another film Remote control Control, between the figures Mst fairway does not carry all the fry dramatic real relationships and not Deuteronomy to see your interest in something, will not be known in Hfiqiqp command, whichever is weaker. . Eva Mendez Kmmt him? Sara or personal level drama? , Which does not carry any measure of equality duck us i night events The film, it is supposed to be a point of real transformation that i would object saliva, "the professor" Hitch this time, but you and i Stanar night whether the figure is already a strong woman? Or romance? Or just a naive girl?, Or are all of the above? Perhaps the more important question is how and then it got personal for the high office in the New York newspaper that widespread? , And the same command It Bugs on the rest of the characters one-dimensional, just to point and say this nice, this evil, this deposit, and everyone living in the orbit of Mr. "Hitch", which seems personal Adamic only at work, and if the character Albert High School has gained your interest and your sympathy This is due to the personal effort of the TV star Kevin James, who knows full well the public a series of "King of Queens" the size of his talent. In return, you will have to exert more effort to be convinced of the details and purpose of the relationship that combines Hitch and "Nmrth fierce," which tries to tame, on the other hand has been completely ignored plot main Alokt t w fry at the drama between the technical expert in world relations At faithful, and its client Albert symbol spontaneous and non-gravity i Tactful to traditional specifications, a relationship that will be the real lesson of the personality of Hitch "canned," which is that life is a "catalog" of its own can not get out of it. User Rating: 2 