Devils natural to enter the cinema to see the film do not like for example in and out before the end, but you tried you're feeling sad and "grabbing you" see the movie until the end of the Tartars, because this is your business! Let me qualify you as being the same feeling a person who suffers from a "phobia" Aviation and finds himself accepts the land the moment he got off the plane, and you're on the verge of kissing the ground outside the hall, I saw the movie "Devils" After I came out of it. Although I never imagined attacking a film starred by artist beautiful and talented as Sheriff Mounir, but I do not like the courtesy too, so I will say that the film is good in some of the elements, but if each of them separately, making the same movie as a whole holds bad. Initially, let me say that I am one of the millions who have grown up to read spy novels and stories and puzzles such as "Man of the Impossible" and "Devils of 13", so I was very disappointed when I found what I imagined is not commensurate with the truth even by a few. Before even beginning of the film I did not like him and propaganda poster design, but I was encouraged to see the movie star will be starring a beautiful, talented and loved like Sharif Munir, who much to the patience that won that opportunity. Truth be told, the Sheriff Mounir really deserves and make every effort in this work in order to prove, this was clearly quite ill were unable to work items remaining origin lies in the director Ahmed Abu Zaid of the orbits. But Oattab the Sheriff in not being able physical enough to play the role, did not sway me being a team leader demons which bears the number 1 and he finds himself under attack from two people and overcome longstanding really him, who holds such a title even if passed by him, thirty years and filled with rust, it will be able to resistance repulsing this attack is inflicted by what I saw. Had to be Sheriff of training on the martial arts of any kind and the exercise of more time than actually happened to show some of those movements which we have to defend himself even more. This may be the only reproach that Soattabh Sharif himself and his performance, because it really did not fall short in its role as the embodiment which was written on paper, not his fault that the paper itself is weak in the scenario and dialogue. I felt I was watching the film as empty and superficial, is not the depth and luster to spy or detective, or even Alo_kin served in Egypt, and I know it's the first film for director Ahmed Abu Zeid, who wrote, too, but not on the level expected of it, I can not ask him not to submit another job but I hope to be done the second best of it. Because of the "lightness" of paper and personalities, I can not blame the rest of the heroes of the film if they are not at the top of their performance, but I pay tribute to those who try to add new from him. Jumana Murad did not add to the role a lot, as you feel confront some difficulty talking Palmbarp a colloquial Levantine dialect other than her, Dolly Shaheen did not face such difficulty speaking, a colloquial Egyptian, has appeared the effort that tried to reflect his role. The artist Talaat Zein Vsohid meaningful by trying to give his character, "Prof." in the film a special flavor made him appear in a new and different to everything done before noon. As I liked the I'm glad that succeeded are the other in the provision of its role simply convincing kind, as the body of Amr Mahdi role to make himself a person smells as is required of him, Khaled Zaki no shakes performance evil as I used it in recent times, the Syrian actor Basil Khayat was a performance nice Odhu humor lovely simple, and can make a lot of Egyptian cinema if involved more. There are represented as two new or two sides of two new books for themselves a good start to perform them in this work, Mohammad Ala, Hani Hassan, was surprised by the presence of Announcer Tamer Shaltout in the film, but it was not bad in the performance of e, except in the scene, which is fighting it with Amr Mahdi, accompanied by Mohamed Alaa , Which you laugh from poverty and poor design of this battle, because it is supposed to man the size of Shaltout Mahdi fighter violently and apoptosis, and not fall to the ground next to him because I bakacad move aside .. Was a comic scene, rather than sexy! Photography bothered me more than anything else, I know that the directors would prefer the camera animation to add realism to the events and scenes of Action, but they were not comfortable or appropriate, may be why many have used them. Of course, I can not ignore the sound speakers that come out before the echo sound the same and it's hard to hear the dialogue, how is the headquarters of the "demons" who speaks in which the customer zero to others from another room via a microphone and headphones, this weakness in the possibilities? Sure reason will not be made the headquarters general assessment: 2 