Movie Name: The Coca-Cola Kid Directed by: Dusan Mkafiyev roles first: Eric Roberts, Greta Sekkaki, Bill Kerr 2000 black comedy 0 Australia --1,984 at a time when Coca-Cola are testing a new type of Musharoppea carrier name, the director Yugoslav Dusan Mkafiyev being experiments on this new film. Source collection of short stories of the Australian writer Frank Moorhouse, and the relationship between Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola the real movie but that collapsed with the failure of their experience equal: the new drink which was launched in the fifth month of the year 1984 In the U.S. market the company's poorly received she went back to the previous composition of the usual, and the film, which brighten the screen "was a" competitor in the same month, VARs quickly and had an influential effect leaves turn 0 the problem is that it is a comedy and that he expected the opposite of comedy ... Does not raise the laughter is not all that grief, too. I do not really know what the movie wants you to feel 0 Wang about a young American (Eric Roberts in one of the starring roles of the few had the brother of Julia) occupies an important position in the Coca-Cola (which film indicates that the original company nothing to do with the film) arrives to Australia in the first meeting with the directors and experts of the company's branch, discover that there is an area still devoid of Coca-Cola decides to invade. Here, the film, slowly of some kind, to the question of the next new face and how the new sweep away the old and how each is his fate, too. Faced by Baker (Roberts) that the people of the region do not accept that runs on cola, but on a local-made Cola old man has achieved, including sufficient income from a small 0 Thus, what Baker will try to do, is to conclude the death sentence on the domestic industry independent. The director can make clear whether the motive of the film talk about the dominance of U.S. companies or the occupation of the present to the past. Of course, is easy to imagine the situation first, or the two situations together, but the previous best summary of the situation and paved the way in which the film to its events and its meanings. It does not affect a great luck not only in the question of hegemony and the question of the succession of generations or endorsement yesterday of the day, whether this quest. Worse than that he does not know what he wants from the audience about his hero: sympathy or not. Is Baker is the victim does not know from where? He is the enemy himself is suffering from a self-imposed isolation? Selection of Roberts for the role was not the best choices. Is the representative of talented, but talent is not in this category of good roles. It is not satisfactory and the evil power want to get out of a challenge this role, smooth skin, but can not 0 Rating: 2 / 5 