Movie Name: Scott Pilgrim vs. the World the first thing that you are aware of and see this film, which from the outside looks like cotton candy form, it's like cotton candy is also guaranteed. It is inflated and mottled, and if you look at the inside and found empty. Be aware of this and you see the film is worse than to comprehend it after seeing it, because it means that Zkhvp trimmings Imanaank did not realize that the movie without a solid and real events are empty and the script can be summed up word and a half 0 This is a summary of what is going on: Scott (Michael Cera) man in the twenty-second practice singing (or similar) his son's girlfriend in the college name Cho (Ellen Wong), but at the same Tsog Romana (Mary Elizabeth and Nstd). But the girl as a minefield and even to gain and the son he has to fight and win on the seven bad reason to transfer the film's hero of the duel to the other until the end of the film 0 The story is taken from the comics contain more details and I think (I did not read it) and the paradoxes of the events are more available in seven chapters. But what is committed by the director and writer (Michael Bakool) is that citizens can review the battles between the two sides, good and evil, in the form of special effects to zoom surprising these days As usual in such acts, the film does not care for anything real, including the romance which may justify what he found the film's hero Scott Pilgrim special Broumana, what you find in Zhou a special cookie, so trying to keep him in the fold. Nor is there that seek to follow the characters move from one stage to another, because nothing in the film Hot Fuzz calls such Alnqla. Director who has previously lousy film is Shaun of the Dead and acceptable before another film is believed to have bet earns quality when the screen is decorated with words that translate voice punches or the various noisy .... Bang ... Thong ... When the bell rings read Ding Dong .... Who knows, maybe you're wondering how to write sounds. Of course, resorting to this solution for the optical output of the desire to make you feel that the film is made of comics. How will you know God, you? Mediocrity alone is not sufficient. All this and you and Scott, Ye Osedkaoua on a single line. Do not you find that you bother to support his war against others. Looking for a reason to care whether he wins or Broumana returned to his girlfriend is not the first find. Is it fun anyway? Personally, I Sotzly more if I watched the old TV episode of Batman (from the sixties). Well, it used graphics (primitive at that time) to write different sounds, but it was silly intent. This is ridiculous in the sense that no talent around him not only be 0 Rating: 1 / 5 