Movie Name: Brothers Can you put up an emotional subject away from politics if it mainly deals with the subject has to do with? Jim Sheridan tries and fails 0 2004 removed the Danish Susan Bayer her "brothers" who have been in a number of international festivals, such as Toronto and San Sabestian and Sundance, with admiration some concern: the story is set in Denmark about two brothers (Ulrich Thomsen Nikolai Lai Cup), one married and forced to leave his wife (Connie Nielsen ) and their children and to join the Danish troops operating in Afghanistan. From there comes the news of his death. Gradually brother occupies the house and become a baptism and emotional intimacy is between him and his brother's wife, to return to the brother who was supposed to be dead, revealing that he had been arrested and trying to hide the fact that he killed his comrade in arms provided by the Taliban to release 0 Six years and this film is back in the form directed by Jim Sheridan of the Irish who Dat achieve most recent American films 0 C avoids the camera and stuffed animal heads hanging on the walls, as did Bayer and remain faithful stayed in but without the fangs of the Danish director. Film Sheridan aimed at drama emotional does not hurt the feelings of one does not take a stand against one - not at the political level alone, but at the emotional, banned from the level it deserves 0 Sam (Tobey Maguire) is the husband who join the U.S. forces fighting in Afghanistan, leaving his loving wife Grace (Portman) and their children by asking him to return. There is a space of time we see the life of this family and to know Sam's father and brother. Father (Sam Shepard) ex-combatant role and now addicted to alcohol, characterized Sam and the other bounty on his son Tommy (Gyllenhaal) made the second like a black sheep in a flock of white, feel and act in forsaken some of recklessness. While joining his brother Sam to "effort" War, have the opportunity to show his desire to transition for the fact that his father was still considered the lowest level of his brother. With the arrival of news of the death of Sam (in a scene provides a well-made for Portman to cry) find an appropriate way to work more on the same, this is without trying to exploit the opportunity, but dragged her automatically. With the beginning of rapprochement between him and his wife Sam back loaded with guilt being forced to sacrifice a companion weapon for safety. But discovers a new crisis waiting for him, he believed that his brother slept with his wife even if he claims that he will understand the situation, but the bliss of the volatility of jealousy and Hana around 0 is not a lot of interest in the film, which can broadcast to viewers. It's like an article on an important speech written language did not reflect that importance. Is filled with scenes of the function, but it is influential, especially since the film is not a happy couple actually hails from the beginning, their love remains the question of theory or a default 0, there are efforts from all actors to provide dramatic performances to such a serious topic. And personalities require every effort possible, but how knowledge is absent for some, especially when Gyllenhaal and Maguire. I must be more than satisfied with the material and performed the second of crisis more apparent than required performance adapter to a continuous loop rather than a good diagnosis. The Natalie Portman are the best representatives, followed by Sam Shepard 0 Afghan subject of the film does not require any political dimensions. These dimensions are not necessary, but also it is not necessary, rather, naive photography the other as an enemy ready. Either the enemy of Afghans ready after the political impact of the provision, or no need for the usual stereotyping of what he is doing a film in the growing tide Rating: 2.5 / 5 