Name the movie: Up In The Air for the third film Jason Raeetmn, after Thank You For Smocking and Juno where several advantages, but not a film full of quality. As was the case with the films, even though the ex-II, "Juno" is what made the director assume a high profile among Western critics and some Arabs 0 It is the story of a man and his dismissal of employees, while managers or owners fail to institutions to do so themselves. Cut in the space of tens of thousands of miles each year to offset from other companies would like to exchange work. It Nla postman delivers not only bad news will be indispensable, and how it scores as distracted from their jobs each year, comes a day should help in obtaining a job. This is not all aligned to the film, which begins and ends with trying to link the theme, including with America today by the unemployment, but is about how this man who does not beat his heart, passion and do not know his private life any obligations fall in love but of love, which hid him she was married , his actions, even indirectly, 0 It Binghm Ryan (George Clooney), who spends most days of the year, moving from U.S. city to another. Enjoying the life we see in space, where he lives in airports. There are well-written boot by Ryan describes his life and says, what he says: "The airport. Where you can not afford its air and consumer electronic frontiers and cheap sushi is the favorite home for me" 0 Montegep and footage of him. How do I arrange small bag. How he walks. How to use the cards. How to behave at checkpoints smoothly and easily and all the things that have become so accustomed to it. Later we see a girl who knows trained and appointed to any row behind the stands, while up to a checkpoint-mail in the airport. Wiz like him can not stand in the row behind the children in a row behind the elderly (because they take a long time), but standing behind a row of businessmen Asians because they know how to arrange their bags small and always hurry. At this point of the film (almost halfway) feel that you no longer need to tips Ryan. Each of the known travel like this and more all from watching films that the director is aware many here adds a touch above what other previously demonstrated and was able to dispense with it. The film was able to dispense with it, but Jason Raeetmn kind of filmmakers who have put the line more than once under the line 0 Situation is when the film separated by half a clock is the best thing in it, and we see his transformation from a man who we got it to the man who would contradict what it is. Casual sexual relationship begins to shift to emotional and then approaching the limits of marriage in the time required by his sister to attend the wedding of his sister the other, and then intervene to re-groom to the barn after thought and change his decision 0 They point in the film plane lost its direction. An emergency landing at the airport they call forged melodramatic circumstantial where laughter and drama are mixed and where the cliches that makes no difference how the director is trying to restructure the remaining plates. I did not like the fact that satisfaction is also the contradiction that does not reach a conclusion. Not to the contrast intended to create antagonism produce thought provoking drama, it is kind of saying one thing and another. Koazb hero's life looks beautiful, free and independent and has a short persuasive speech. Shortly after, married life - even without speech - seems to be the most acceptable, as it means stability and a family 0 of living in space well and return to Earth is also good. Natalie girl (Anna Kendrick), which trained him. It is serious in its work but live on the edge between faith and undeniable that the film creates a further case of Allathbat in position 0 on the whole, this film has a smooth drafted in more often. Take it on the basis of variant art that offers them: images a sequence of space for the cities where the mosquitoes land Ryan (Detroit, New Orleans, San Francisco, etc. ..), footage treatment as if they were documentaries reaction expelled from their jobs and Nhoin (about one to talk to Ryan and some one who is speaking to an interview with him), then those soft hops from one scene to another and from one chapter in the life of the film's hero to the last 0 But one can notice that his poor transition from a snapshot to another. Usually in films Raeetmn expected role of each representative to speak, and then shot his role in the betting when he speaks of without seeing the reaction from talking to him. The footage, between two interlocutors often a snapshot of a snapshot of this and that, unless they are in close proximity as is the case with Clooney and Varmega days of glory 0 It remains for the film comment on the social life that prevailed in America, without the political commentary, or at least useful. »Thank you for Smoking" on the issues of smoking and the Department of pleadings, which was five years ago. »Juno« on the issue of reproductive or abortion, which happens to be risen to the forefront of what differentiates included Americans (between supporters of one of them and it shows) and this film arrives at a time when the United States deal with a high percentage of unemployment 0 In "Thank you for Smoking" Life is short - too - to a man who believes his work is whitening the face of the tobacco companies to attract people to smoke to get to know the truth without being assisted by the will to reform. Completely Kalnhip here, Vrayan will leave the post destruction of livelihoods, even if it has become more aware of what he was doing. It's the end ideal for people who do not want to disclose his position here ... Only make things of life without the commitment of his Rating: 2.5 / 5 