Movie Name: IRON CROSS Drama [Nazi / Jewish] | Newton out of this film this way: the first visit to arch-rivals spent the day not the story of his son's bed, which the Nazi and father meet, and the above is not a typographical error This is the story background: was filmed in early 2008 writing and directing and editing Joshua Newton and died one shall now wage heroic (actor Roy Schieder) on the tenth of February and then entered the film lengthy to implement and when finished no one is buying it to distribute it. In the fifteenth of December last year, was presented (at the expense of sponsors) halls in the Americas and one in Los Angeles and the second in New York Entered for Academy Awards. Based on the message published by the director to pay around 400 thousand dollars for ads, mostly in the magazine "Variety" to promote the film to be surprised that one of the critics of the magazine attacked the film protested it when the editor who pulled the article and then watched the film and re-publish the article because he did not find that the author (Robert Kohler) derived on the film or director, as such a claim. Now, the only trade show in front of this film is that which will be held in the month of September in London. Go down in history after the narrowest of doors: the movie they have not witnessed a 0 But the "Iron Cross" (which has nothing to do Pthvp forgotten Textile Sam Pkinbah entitled "Cross of Iron" bearing in mind that this "cross" means the days of Nazism and starring Sam in the form of cross) is not a victim ignored or prejudice, but the victim himself. Film does not say things upside down, and upside down, but that has been read, but say, moving from scattered thoughts to another without any system or method, smirking so nothing very natural in this film at all. Take the first example: Joseph (Schieder) is a former policeman in New York on board the aircraft. But we do not see the point of view it is seen as the plane's wing and the wing of the plane reminded him of his story when he was young they were driven with his family and other Jews to the forest. Transmitted between the plane's wing filmmaker inspiring memory and what happened on that day. Landing the plane and Joseph riding the train is still reviewing his memory, which is an additional scenes show us how to escape in the woods in the aftermath of German troops arrived to a group of armed resistance. But even this memory is fragmented. Elsewhere in the film will know what happened to a soldier who chased him, which means that the memory of Joseph we see is not in the sequence of scales as a whole is quite true Kalvielm 0 See Joseph whenever something remember something from the past: the truck unloaded furniture in front of the house in which the truck reached a reminder of the Nazis. Baby stroller ticket cannon on the bandwagon. Branch of a tree mentioned Bmhenwq These are the scenes that share a symbol (with the exception of the plane's wing and the forest), but the director has gone bankrupt from those symbols spent the rest of the film without a link and hiked displays what he wants at any time he wants even if it meant not to run the film is not in the present nor in the past 0 questions and Joseph loaded with memories: How could he manage to live all these years. What to do while riding in a car? Or, being a policeman from New York, while he was carrying a gun or while watching World Cup match on TV. But Joseph is not like the movie myself the victim of disease. The film does not say so, but a victim of poor writing and poor troubleshooting and Monterrey worse. The three together make up the severity of the film looking for an excuse to do the implementation of the Joseph murder. Everything we see from his past trying to be a justification, does not work for that before the form of a burden on the film and watch 0 after less than an hour on arrival to the apartment of his son (Scott Kwon) discovers that being his son, the old man who lives it is a Nazi officer who was executed with his family ( Helmut Berger is doing the seventies the German star who played the championship of "Ludwig" to Luchino Visconti, 1972). What a coincidence does not occur only in the film is poor. And to solve the night until he was convinced that his son and neighbor Iktefa Inqlanh Iserganha in a truck into a jungle where Polish allegedly executed it. Son opposed but co. Do not understand the reason for it. In the final scene while Itaua father was a Nazi execution, his son takes the gun from the hand of his father and implemented by a who opposed it even before the last shot fascist 0 This movie calls for revenge. A Zionism based on the principle of "Take one of my eyes" and asks the Jewish present generation should not forget to kill those who believe (in something more than belief because that is what Joseph went to him) that he was a Nazi. Jewish blood, in other words, darling. Catch the blood of other AB 0 in the beginning of the film remembers Joseph films alone. Between each film world remembers Michael Weiner And the scene which kills the hero (Charles Bronson) a young man he was subjected to theft. The movie Death Wish entered history as a movie fascist cause for personal revenge and murder. A bad film either, even if it is nothing more than bad this movie Rating: 1 / 5 