Movie Name: THE TWILIGHT SAGA: NEW MOON is not the ultimate success witnessed by the film »Song of Dusk: New Moon« normal however you look at it after three days of the start of performances the U.S. completed the film $ 142 million and after three days the number rose to 165 million $ 0 Success was only U.S.. In international performances that accompanied the U.S. carried out this next film as liaison second series of Pop $ 124 million in its opening end of the week was seized more than $ 140 million. According to the latest census carried out by the magazine »Screen International's« interested in the affairs of British Industry, the total cosmic-General for the achievement of this film revenue in one week so far is north of $ 265 million movie deserves 0 would this demand? Question does not deserve a basis to answer. What is within the scope of qualified and supposedly owed Pat goes on a separate path since it became the American movie exports to the purely commercial to have a very one which entered the enclaves, not hearts. Dazzle the eyes instead of brains. Of course, along the old American film based on the trade of supply and demand, but they were not days, free of controls proficiency as is the case these days. It's as if the public only in the halls of the rest is the one born in the nineties and for him, was born with no options on the film in any case, the formulation may be of different topics and ideas at a broad headings like empty shot which is used mostly 0 The first film in the series completed a global $ 383 million deal with the story of love and linking a young girl named Bella Swan (Christie Stewart) falls in love with a vampire repented (apparently a young man, but hundreds of years old) named Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson). Here begins the events that emotional relationship that seemed perfect in the first part. Edward is to learn the truth but can not overcome the emotions and left. He estimated that it does not attempt to convert them to a bloody feast on the other hand, as he did with the rest. In this new section we will see that they still love Edward, who Iwather stay away from them and how he and his distancing secession caused the unhappiness. Scenes to define the meaning of the word »misery« go heavy on the screen before the man enters the picture again (naturally) named Jake (Taylor Lautner), which restores some hope in her life and joy in the heart, but not strong enough to make them forget her first love. While this is a murder and brutality in the nearby forest and uncertainties (some of the sin of) revolves around Edward, as may be returned to the killing and sucking the blood of the new 0 Excluding the performance of Stuart Christie, and the lack of persistence, there is no performance to talk about. It gives the role some of the spirit, while the other representatives (including Pattinson and Taylor Lautner) is not only a good plan for them to appear in the diagnosis goes across the screen without a trace. But the problem is not only here, but in the world is divided between the dream and the fear is addressed and director Chris Etz and does not carry within it capable of logical reasons. Film is not horror but the horror scenes, although he is not romantic love story twisted. More than that, primarily, if not Edward the vampire, at least during the time period occupied by the display, so why asking the viewers to be considered primarily a vampire Edward? The whole combination looks like a road map distributed here and there, but do not reach to the ends. In one of the first scenes actress injure her finger in the presence of evil vampires, including one in the name of Jesper (Jackson Rathbone) that switches to night gala birthday girl joyful to a blood bath. Concept is that there are vampires and vampires are evil good and the film is not up to the handsome actor Pattinson conversion to punk generally contaminated with blood. As a result, the wisest and only wonder why he was originally, and perhaps the reason for the existence of the film first and foremost Rating: 2 / 5 