Movie Name: Country where the Government Directed by: Abdel Aziz Hashad Starring: Tamer Hagras, Ola Ghanem, Heidi Karam, Ezzat Abu Ouf Egypt --2,008 surrendered to the need and saw »the country where the Government« months after the commercial launch in the Arab capitals. Film ends with a letter of determination of the speaker - and with all the seriousness it »Ashraf« man in the world. I ask myself whether or exploring the census make sure that he »Ashraf«. Perhaps second only to someone else ... But this is not all in the film of the problems: Policy on the glimmer of a political talk in every scene (talk show) on corruption and the fight against corruption. Even when out of the great son of Major-General attached to her lecture by one of the pupils in the scene separately ask about corruption among senior people. Then ask the question before the end of the film itself. The pose is also her father, who assures her that he »Ashraf«, and facing him is supposed to be a hero of the movie: officer seen at the beginning of the movie jumps walls and faces of criminals and arrested the President of the »ring« and kill him to hide his secret to the end of the film, where it is clear that guard its thief. A Director of the Bank spends most of the film is stretched to the role does not evolve in order to be a gateway for exposure to the issue of money laundered as part of the world of corruption, which speaks of the movie is in it. Tarek Hammam screenwriter seems preoccupied with a dialogue of the type »grow because the country needed to de trample on all the people." Either a director he does not need those endorsing him to work under every American film is lousy on CD-DVD these days. It is left to choose representatives Taabiarham seems Tamer Hagras like an Indian actor in the film Azerbaijanis, and Ola Ghanem without a compass and her partner Heidi Karam frequently tied to dialogue and Ezzat Abu Ouf, who draws his predecessors in such roles. In the end, is the same film, which was fashionable in the fifties black and white about the drug ring and the conflict between their official and hidden them, except that the hero ends here has demonstrated that the only way to succeed in relation to the »poor people,« is corruption. Ah ... I almost forget ... There is an Arabic song and an English song and dance, such as postage stamps previously 0 This movie is bad even at the level of service for which the message is right-wing leadership. Requests from the viewer to accept that corruption is public domain and that corruption is widespread, but at the head of the government apparatus. If Ordtni ratification of this story, and I do not book in and of themselves, why do not compose a film about this character specifically instead of providing all the other characters? W m Why did the ducks That's the illusion that viewers can afford and chivalrous man has nothing to do with corruption that he reveals quite the opposite in the end? Justification surprise the viewer a game chairs, but that approach (the art of narrative fiction and art of anything else) does not exist to give the film credibility in any direction Rating: 1 / 5 