Movie Name: The Courageous Heart of Irena Sendler as Zionism was in trouble ..... A film about the Holocaust, according to the Center Israeli specialist detects non-Jews who helped in the protection or the smuggling of Jews during World War II, Poland come to the fore. Census 6135 has been A citizen of Polish Christians have such assistance when it was Nazi forces gathering Jews or deported to concentration camps outside Orjsu and Polish cities other key and the center itself says that the total number of European Christians (or non-Jews) who helped Jews to escape or hide away from the eyes of the Nazis during the war 22 765 citizens of the world. This means that a large proportion of the native Christians (especially Catholics) have offered their lives and property at risk in order to do already right in the circumstances. Rate there is no equivalent of the films, a researcher at the Holocaust, and the number in the hundreds, which are usually talking about the executioner and the victim of a third party without 0 Irina Sndler is one of those Polish Catholics who had successful attempts in this way. References few available speaks in lines a few around, says that the full name is Irina Sandelroڤa was born in 1910 and died in 2008 and was responsible for saving the lives of some 2500 children, even if the film deletes the word about and identifies the number is 2500 without any ambiguity in the same manner in which it set movements Zionism that the number of Jewish victims in that war (as a whole hideous wars) were exactly six million. Numbers Mbklp though any other number, regardless of its size, is sufficient to condemn the perpetrator of such crimes is humanitarian 0 «Braveheart to Irina Sndler» does not have a lot to really relate: It is the story of the working of the Committee on Social Services Irina that we see in the first film interference, a special permit , to the Jewish ghetto in the heart of Orjsu for consoles and medication and feed some of the needy. As evidence that we see out of her bag a piece of news is not larger than half of the palm to provide her with a Jewish boy and his sister. Was This fragment is all that can enter or the budget of the film were not enough to slice bread full? Neither this nor that. Scene, and a lot of the scenes following, is meant to be self-contained as its symbol to reality instead of talking about it. As the film continues to talk about Irina and the face of situations, many of the scenes are coming in in the same context. Nothing meets the effort to study the film does not attempt to deepen what we see to develop beyond the formation event of the declaration on the subject without sounding Gore. This type of treatment, is curious about a lot of movies about the Holocaust summarizes the typical scene later to see a snow pouring in the light of a lamp to the following. Strange in that it does not snow up to the Earth, the Earth appears Vallqtp the same without snow. Purpose here is posed by climate according to the snapshot, such as those normally associated with the meanings of the period of the year and use of a moratorium on the idea and not a deepening of a natural and practical. Like this comes along with that whole scenes of individual clicks on the piano unnecessary swab sad. Similarly, no crystallization of the characters and establish the character of Irina Sndler the same, neither in reality nor in the virtual reality that the events taking place. Thus, the drama turns to process the case on the screen without the ability to penetrate inside it, or deal with drama as he handled that Steven Spielberg with the theme of the film »Schindler's List», or Roman Polanski, with the theme of his film «Player Piano» both of which contain, such a film , figures helped to force Jews from Nazi racism 0 weeping and wailing But «Braveheart to Irina Sndler» is more these three films exploit the idea of talking Sndler to talk about the Jews and the Holocaust and in sympathy naive and did not review the authenticity or depth. What makes this regard the fact that the actress Anna packets, which played the role of the daughter of Robert De Niro in Cape Fear in the nineties, seems to be concerned to represent the UAE desert of interest. Right is not personal because it started Ksrd of events and not as Inquiry in Doakhlha, so all the expressions remain on the surface and the performance becomes Tozivia unconvincing 0 Certainly, the higher the films that talk about the characters is Jewish has worked to rescue victims of the Jews since it was completed Spielberg film that in 1984 but the function entrusted is still the same: to talk about the ordeal suffered by the Jews is a modern consumed even by the film Spielberg and Zadeh Spielberg, but consuming 0 Apparent is that these films proliferate whenever there is a European crisis of conscience and an American about what is happening in Palestine. After the war in Gaza, bloody, he had also been the indiscriminate killing of innocent civilians in Lebanon and Palestine as a whole, and with further cooling of the degree of sympathy for traditional about the entity-based racial, comes this film is trying to patch up the torn note "tragic circumstances" (no doubt) that suffered by Jews during the 0 Second World War and in the past year and stretch La this year we saw a handful of good: "challenge" by Edward Zwick, where ducks and journals of the armed Jews fought against Nazi forces in Russia, "the boy in pajamas striate i e" Mark Herman as the son of a Nazi closer of the Jewish boy is wearing and then his pajamas diagram i e, »Adam Resurrected a» Paul Cradar about the Jew who is still suffering from a crack myself when he found himself without the rest of the Jewish survivors. In the «Education» Charfik seems to color the emotional social issue underlying the entire event in London to talk more and more about Jewish men's personal performed by Peter Sarsgaard. «Jewish mite« Oscar Roller seize the opportunity to talk about the German representative, who was forced to play dirty Jew in a Nazi propaganda film to show the same situation. In the film Alsloڤaki «promises broken» Jewish man to suffer to stay alive amid adverse conditions. Not that these stories are not worthy of itself, or that one must demand that preventing, but the problem is that they continue to talk about the victim so self Bakaii and Nahab itself, which we deplore, in the films melodramatic Indian and ancient Egyptian, what makes it acceptable if they came from the West? Also, some of these movies do not tell the truth, such as «challenge», which is based on the League of actual armed by three brothers, written by Jews to defend the Jews and turned into a force of a few dozen in a few months. What the film does not mention that the league was to murder innocent Christian families and that some of these families filed a lawsuit pending invitations to the day 0 On the other hand, there are signs of different treatments on the subject exist: Roberto Benigni film «sweet life» (1997) possess the courage to be a comedy without being cynical. »Reader« to Stephen Doldiri come up for discussion the issue of forgiveness that is required to fill the whole of last. Recently, director Quentin Tarantino making a different history of the entire matter in the film Inglourious Basters showed equality when the madness and violence between the Jewish and Nazi parties Valmjndin Jews coming for revenge against the Germans Dmolln offer to crush the heads of their enemies or cutting off their scalp. More than that, the officer in the German culture and more attractive than American soldiers Jews and non-Jews, including Brad Pitt, who leads the team 0 on, the film naive about this subject. Those that deal and address the plight of the foreign, which neglects to mention that what the Nazis did the Jews repeated by Jews against the Palestinians, such as «a brave heart to Irina Sndler» still has a foothold in the process. It is true that most Holocaust films do not achieve commercial success but the issue at the manufacturers that the topic deserves subtraction regardless of the business side 0 Rating: 