Movie Name: The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo Director: Niels Arden Ooblڤ roles first: Naomi Rabas, Michael Nqvist, Lena Andre, Peter Haber 0 Suspense Policy [tab: the killing of a sequential] 0 Sweden / Norway / Denmark / German --2,010 There are many ways similar between Juan Jose Campanella film "The Secret in their eyes" (which I talked about many times here) and "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" by Jordan Dane Niels Ooblڤ. Both hand and all of them exciting to ponder. But the most important aspects of these issues relate to the story itself. First: they depend on the photo Kkashifp for the crime is investigated, the second they are talking about the personalities of the day due to events which occurred in the past. Of course there is the third point which is no less important: Both Policy 0 The girl in the title of "the girl with the tattoo Dragon" is Liesbeth (Naomi Rabas): a young woman rebel of the assets of the bourgeoisie identify them prosecute the case that the journalist left Michael (Michael Niqvist), which sentenced him to court on charges of false punishable by three months in house arrest because of a personal social political and famous. Will not begin implementing the death penalty, but after a while. In doing so, the journalist receives a task assigned to him an old man wants to know, before I die, who killed the girl, which was sponsored and mysteriously disappeared forty years ago. Did not have children and considered them his son suffered a lot and disappeared when all he wanted to know before you shut his eyes forever, is to know how and why they were killed. They, he and the girl that her name Harriet, belonged to the bourgeois family of the senior living in an area far from urban centers over the area inundated by winter snows. Journalist starts his duties. Izabut to interested command will not meet until after more than an hour from the start of the movie (two hours and 35 minutes) 0 journalistic work hard. Does not have to in order to reveal the secret only to look at those pictures that squatted by the wall of the house. One of those pictures are for Harriet as she looks away from the rest lining up to attend the display. We recall that in the movie Campanella, there is that image of a man seen the girl - the victim, while the rest who are in the picture to look at the direction of one another. Based upon research provides the investigator. Here we find a picture (black and white) of the girl victim, a look at a specific destination, while the remainder looked at the point of Others 0 Tries journalist who asked him to accomplish what the police could not of done a search, the link between this image and other images and finds that the girl but she can look at a man who exists in another image. But it is there in the background and his face is not clear 0 in the meantime, events move to the city. Lisbet this to them to request money from the guardian of the inheritance and that person is a sadist impose wild sex with him. This occurs the first time when you need to buy the amount of its new computer. The second time associate and Iereha practiced with sex and brutal inhumane. The third time in his intervention plan. Tassagah Vigmy electrical device when it wakes up and finds himself naked and tied to a revenge as Ciosamh also tried to brand them. Become a victim and the offender is that 0, while Lisbeth to join Michael and start helping him progressing further in their investigations. Connecting between the disappearance of Harriet and the disappearance and killing of a few women before in different places. Suddenly learns that all Liesbeth Almokhtviac previously were involved in one thing: either the Jews or their Jewish names, and we know from before that that some employers in this family were former Nazis ... The problem is resolved. The rest of the obvious kind How will the knowledge of any member of that family has committed these crimes and how the end will be 0 Niels Arden Oubljv film, an interesting and busy carefully, too, but does not rise to the level of "secret in their eyes" for important reasons: the first movie do not forget the romance and makes it an important focus. The second film replaces the romantic scenes of love and relationships. The first film enough for one crime to fathom the aspects of life and politics, the second film, talking about crimes that did not expire (as we know in one third of the last hour). And "The Secret in their eyes" is not used a computer to assist in solving the crime, because the crime occurred before the age of the computer. The "girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is based on the images to a computer innovator (as some of the images do not exist in reality, but have been created on the camel Makintuch. What leads to the question: Could a journalist to know the culprit and solve the disappearance of the girl's owner if not baptized to a computer? If the answer is no (which is not the excess of the adoption of the novel and the script on the computer as a) what is the individual effort of police upon which the story? Then there is the same level of output: Argentine Campanella relieved and captivating film. Danish Ooblv confused and tense, even if it is literally a good port. But interest in the end one: those photographs that penetrate the looks of the paper that printed it to apply well-known saying:'s a thousand words This film is based on a novel by Swedish author Stig police Larsson, who started his journalist, activist journalists and died in 2004 after he completed the first of three novels, "the girl with the dragon tattoo" this. He was a communist direction. So when I used the word "bourgeois" I was of the capacity in which he drew is launched. But they have not read the novel I have no knowledge of whether the film corresponds with those positions, especially in the violent review. These positions itself does not raise the value of the film at all. Not including what is necessary, so the issue of assault on a girl Liesbeth not organically linked to the main topic, but as both sides. The purpose is to show the violence of men over women (just as in the "yard"), especially since the disappearance of Harriet has a similar relationship as it is under attack and her father before they run away from home and resort to the relative good and before they disappear from sight after I realized that soon is another who kills and a women. This violence is linked to the authoritarian powerful and the wealthy, but this concept is naive and simplistic for the film is not the only means of access to achieve 0 Rating: 2 / 5 