Movie Name: House neighborhood joint working between the British film "Slumdog Millionaire" Danny Boyle and Moroccan film "All I want to even" Nabil Ayouch The film is the UAE's new "City of Life" by Ali Mustafa is this quest for the extraction of something global story local. Each style is different, of course. If the "Slumdog Millionaire" Ojderha technically, the "City of Life" the most aggressive in trying to break into the framework of the largest productions of the capacity of local industry itself. It is made purely at a cost of AED funding exceed six million dollars (according to sources the film) and a film that has been able to use the devices Dubai modern film studios. The desire to make the film be able to go to the local audiences and global paid writer, producer and director mst in the formulation of the work has on the personalities of Emirati, Indian and Brit utensils to form them three e yarn story: Emirati young man who lives for his day enjoying the broadcast Rohe his father's self-reliant, before discovering that the right , Indian taxi driver with singing talent who abused Understanding and appreciation and treated by the Indians, and the love that connects between the host suddenly i Liran and businessman is i Moha for the life of a professional is the best i suggestive of the relationship of faithful new At. All these stories are located in the city like Dubai and this element is the only realistic it, the rest is the formulation of melodramatic where it takes the kind of attempt to capture the feelings of non-educated, even if the film does not intend to do so cheap nor is it evil work, because the director is talented or because he executed copy poor predecessors. Every thing is that the film is not his audience. This is an melancholy fact that the director sought to base it on more than one level to meet the public at large in his country and outside the country alike. But when it leads the director pursuant to such a broad approach work necessarily lose the depth. Still has the ownership of cases and review of the implementation of the footage as it calls for the review and not the accounts of personal or stylistic self-starters. This is exactly what he did, the director and his big shot I'm afraid they are lost in space, Rating: 2 / 5 