Movie Name: Predators director Nimrod Antal was quite a bit in his country. Since he landed in Hollywood has become nothing wrong with 0 in a scenes of this movie is we define the character fighter Sndid named Noland (Laurence Fishburne) lived on the planet of the savage place where events (was shooting above the stars of Texas and Hawaii) since it landed, like the rest of the film's characters, forcibly it. Able to survive and went secretly to his hideout, which looks like an underground train was converted to a laboratory, a hotel and office together. The man who had succeeded to stay alive, or as they say, but his mistake is that he recognized the last group was landed on this planet and try to help them Survivalist. Brought them to his hideout and talk to them in a long scene lasts for about seven minutes, then gets to sleep. But because of the sounds that issued them, I discovered the space monsters equipped with shields technological techniques that tracks the group to kill her, the place and attacked everyone here is Nuland, who lived in safety and safety for years, 0 kills in seconds it was not to stay in isolation. The scenario could have been written by three (C. Thomas, Michael Finch and Alex Itڤak) if he meant sophistication to open a line parallel to the fictional that we see the first line needs to support does not exist. I think it was better for the film if the characters adventure bakacad Manet who were forcibly disembarked on the planet to turn to i Leading monsters (why - do not know) will continue in isolation at a time when we turn to the only man who learned the profession to stay alive i and the period could have been the link between the font yen discovery of each team to another without dealing with him, but the introduction of Noland to be killed shortly after seemed contrived and without a value of 0 to non - value include work at the end left by 0 This is the third or fourth of the series: there is a "Brdettor" first achieved by John Mkturnn 1987, starring Arnold Coartznegr: A group of warriors are sent to the jungles of the Amazon where attacked by a monster made up of gels and wants to change its shape as it is difficult to overcome. Then there is "Brdtor 2" to Stephen Hopkins, who moved to starring Danny Kloڤr and events to Los Angeles, which was completed in 1990. Then that is a mixture of empty two series are similar in the heart of the idea Aliens vs Predator, which the brothers Strauss performed in 2007, even if this is like a branch is different, the way that the "Halloween" III (produced by the late Moustapha Akkad) was different from all the "Alhaleuenat previous" 0 The new film returns to the first line of the chain of events, but transferred to a distant planet from the author of the sprawling forest (one of the characters says it is a forest with no end) at the beginning of the movie scene is nothing new and different when falling to Earth in eight figures. Why falling on their faces even though they rank paragliding, is not the concept but the idea came: These figures from different sources have been selected (by the one on the ground) to be transported to the planet and throw it to the game monsters. Why? Does the money paid to the monsters Foundation ground to secure the games is from humans? No one knows 0 The first military named Royce (Adrien Brody) loves from the sky to the ground screaming and tries to open his umbrella to reach without broken teeth, at least, but it does not open, but before reaching the tops of tall trees. Shortly after the rain when other people: seven precisely what raises the number of candidates to eight, including a Muslim African (Maher Fallchaabaz Ali) and a Russian soldier (Oleg Taktarov seen in the police thriller starring Robert De Niro a few years ago entitled "15 Minutes ") and an Israeli soldier (Alice Braga specialized roles of Action and appeared with Will Smith in" I Am Legend "), and a warrior Samurai Japanese (Louis Hangshen) and a drug dealer (Danny Treo) and a doctor glasses Medical (provide Grace) and a killer obsessed (Walton Guqinz) 0 why These eight precisely. Will not also know, but the film leaves us note the presence of Muslim, Israeli and Russian and American people as people believe death was practiced in their land (not mention Africa and Chechnya), while the Mexican drug dealer and Japanese Yakuza warrior in the ring and the two gunmen, while the T Pep Voazl completely and fugitive from justice carries a small knife similar to what is used for peeling oranges 0 Mexican dies first Muslim and African second, and then Tucker beads as expected. During the mid of the movie meet surviving to that time (five) Blajie ground (Laurence Fishburne), who hide safely from space monsters, but his exposure as the monsters and enter the den of the place and begin pursuit of a new 0 Begins remarkable and calling for optimism a good job, turns the story of clashes of the kind usual: strike you strike me, and so on until the end of the movie where will survive death of two, one has to be Adrien Brody as a name known only in one of those roles that he wants to emphasize in that divorced It deserves representation Shakespearean films now poor At least "predator" John Mkturnn (monster down the ground) and managed to keep mysterious solitude and Gxia. This is quick to detect the monsters if they are less frightening than the representation of humans, Rating: 2 / 5 