Movie Name: Alamo Western [real events] | John Wayne twist of history by political goals through the introduction of the signed Alamo when he defended American fort Alamo against the Mexican army three personalities led the 1836 Battle of the Alamo against the Mexican army is Duffy Krakit, Jim Bowie and William Bart Travis. They were among 182 men and faced thousands of Mexican soldiers (different historical references about the number Almkhaddd) for thirteen days to the collapse of the resistance and kill most of the defenders 0 This is what we find in the film John Wayne first anyway: courage U.S. against the force of Mexican defense of the castle and behind the castle Texas, where the right of Americans. However, this is located in the film, Wayne is not the truth, or are in any case: Texas was part of Mexican territory by virtue of the law which allowed the American settlement in Texas, who rushed towards the wilderness, and rural areas, that number exceeded the number of Mexicans themselves. Many of these displaced people who fought in the civil war in favor of the forces of racism in the South was defeated, and what they want is to complete the principles of racism in those parts, despite the fact that Mexico had outlawed slavery in turn. Americans simply they wanted to stay as they did with other parts of the U.S. when they settled on land that was for the tribes of Native American 0 You will not find this truth in the "Alamo" and other facts that John Wayne, Bmarjeith right-wing wants to make a movie glorifies the Alamo as a symbol of the championship white against the "other", which - after eight years of this movie - the achievement of the second film his way out, "Green Berets" tribute for the U.S. Championship in Vietnam, at a time when the film exudes the sixties films hostile to the war 0 But in 1960, and where he wants to move into directing, and tried in vain to dissuade him from Hollywood's determination, especially since the actor who had spent nearly thirty years in the representation, he chose the subject expensive. Wayne was ready to accept the terms of studio-funded (United Artists), including the filming in Mexico because of lower costs of filming there, but some references to remember that back from that idea when advised by many that the Americans would not look with admiration to the film revolves around the Alamo if the pictures in Mexico . The alternative is shooting itself in Texas (which gained their independence before the end of 1836 itself) after agreeing a large plantation owners to grant the necessary land for such purpose, which must have found - and political - are noble. However, the company and where Batjak spent some eight million out of $ 12 million film, which cost it 0 Not successful film commercially, but he was nominated for seven Oscars, including Best Film, Best Director and Best Cinematography (William Clouthier), but won the only Oscar for Best Sound (Gordon Sawyer and Fred Haynes) at 167 minutes was seen in full lounge Parisian in 1979, had told the director the story of resistance U.S., which ended with defeat. Castle, as portrayed by the director (which causes personal Duffy Krakit as well) is old and small and hard to defend them, what mind less than two hundred soldiers? Lists the scenario developed by James Edward Grant, a few events before the embargo made three characters and some other major sub-personalities. The arrival of Mexican troops. Offer, which was submitted to the trapped women and children sent out of the castle in order to be safe. Then attack progressive in about half an hour of the final movie with the front giving the Mexican troops besieged 0 Treatment director to work with a vocabulary of film classics inspired by his time with John Ford and certainly benefit from monitoring the work of Ford at the time that is not true that the John Ford was the director daemon to work, because Wayne was decided that it would actually be responsible first and was one of the concerns that are not Rumour has it that Ford had a hand in it. But the effect is also evident in the treatment of characters: heroes of the film set of a good beginning. There is a tension between some of them (Bowie and Travis), but there the upper hand for the white man when it comes to good ethics, courage and family. In fact not in the film reflects the reality of the trapped even at the level of default. In other words: we see a group of men happy while the reality is they are supposed to put in the unenviable. And there is time for the Wizards comic light (ie, humor) is located between John Wayne and his lover Mexican and between John Wayne and Richard Widmark 0 Most of that, Jim Bowie, who played and Widmark, was pulled out of the Alamo before its fall after the devolved command to Travis. Bowie was addicted to drink so you do not fit to drive on anyway. In the film we see and the black slave were fighting inside the castle until the end. Now watch the following Bowie wounded from injury. Mexicans have managed to enter the castle. Bowie sitting on the floor in his hand, his weapon ready to defend himself. Soldiers entered the room where he is. They opened fire aimed at the same black master white bayonets to prevent access into the body of his master, his body is intervened bayonets, and then kill Bowie knives also black and his body was still crouched over it. Concept: The slaves were happy to have made death and defense of their masters! 0 Also among the main effects of the Film Ford (the side of the above and by the use of and where a number of representatives of the supporters played under the administration of former Ford) to build the film from its point of departure. Narrative is clear without ambiguity and mobilizing emotional attitudes before the battle in order to free it later for those battles without impurities, and after attracting the viewer to those heroes who are the bad guys. This here is the help of some of the dialogues that contribute to the arms of Louis the truth, as is the case when the film suggests that the Mexican army composed of professional soldiers, while also making the beginning of the attack during the day. In the first area: the army striker composed of individuals who have been rapidly due to inclusion in other wars for the teams in the army against the revolutions in Mexico, but the advancing enemy is a way to uphold the hero. The second area is that the attack on the castle was at dawn, but may not have been John Wayne loves photography at night Rating: 2.5 / 5 