Movie Name: The Losers minds of the children of men in a losing game Discover men movie five who make up the team that difficult tasks required by the Head of the U.S. intelligence named Max (Jason Patrick), the process that they implement, and part of the monitoring and another part was killed, will lead to the deaths of dozens of children who arrived suddenly (!) To stronghold of the President of a drug gang working in some of the mountains of Bolivia. I do not know if the school was close to organized educational trip to those of the door to see how it can grow to become a drug dealer, and the scenario is also known. But the head of the group, named Clay (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) Requests the leadership of non-military aircraft bombed the place, which was launched to this end: "There are children," says Clay Vigibh Mister Max "Do you think I did not know?" Well now that Clay knows Max knows Max knows that Clay knows what the next step? Team has about two minutes to break into the stronghold. Kill the insurgents. Find all of the ring. Directed by boys of the place, and to move him after he refused to postpone the date of Max bombing of the headquarters. What if there is a problem that hinder the process simple mentioned? It should be resolved during those minutes. The problem suddenly overlook: one of these children are under arrest by the president. All on Clay to do is to shoot the president and takes the boy and hold him to the rest of the boys Alharaein to the bus nearby. We are still within minutes. And the shell destroyed the house seconds after the departure of children and the working quintet of space and access to safe area ... This is what I think or the team. Here they are all boys boarding the helicopter that would fly them to safety. Here is the plane away, and then .... Boom ... Get a shot. Explain it, that Max I think that the five men who boarded the plane and he wanted to get rid of 0 per that and we at the beginning of the film. What follows is a story I could write in a week and pays it in a month and get paid by what or I. in the year. This is done by Peter Berg, who was directed by "The Kingdom" on the famous U.S. intelligence that link to Saudi Arabia out of its intelligence to help eliminate a terrorist cell. And the background of the film here is that Berg wanted to produce this film, but maybe when I realize that the budget will not only permit a copy of carbon than in the mind, played on the output Vtm to assign the task to Sylvain White, who has already been achieved a few small movies I have not seen any of them, including a romantic film - music (Ya Salam) is Stomp The Yard and there is some impact and romantic music. Through the first pop songs distributed as needed, and romance are the conditions when it enters the life of Aisha, the survivor group (Zhou Saldana), which tells Clay, and the rest of his team, it is ready to help them get to Max to avenge them. Why? Because they want them killed Max. After the founding of the conditions of the professional relationship I do not mind that you receive the lead and pay Bklei to bed with him and practiced love. This before to exploit the relations that we do not see if the distribution Basporat new team members and the movement of returnees to the United States, where knowledge of movements of Max and where to move and what to do is not difficult at all, although it said that surrounds his movements kept secret at 0 and we see him in a scene supposed by the be located in Dubai, where the order Fermi help obese Arab world over the skyscraper. Later assistant to blame, saying he wanted him to frighten him, and not to kill him. But this sly Max not to be trusted anyway. Once upon a time, the film portrays us, was walking under the umbrella of the sun bear to a young employee Takia bright light. Breeze blowing (perhaps while Gary snort) Vtnhsr umbrella on his head for a second. Asked his assistant to his gun and ... Takh ... Officer kills without be viewed 0 All of this and other passes quickly and lightly. This movie does not pretend that he wanted to be anything other than transient and silly movie, but true or not prosecution is not an absolute good and the film moves from the absurd in the beginning to the more absurd position shortly after and remains there until the end. Name of Hamas and Israeli military intelligence contained in an interview about the pursuit of both of the Nile from Max this (perception of Hamas have the same capabilities of the Israeli intelligence). There is considerable dispute between Clay that does not change at all made by not shave (and perhaps not Ithmm) and Rogue assistant (Idris Alba) and some of the scenes based respectively on the basis of this controversy. No surprises, but not for many frustrations as well Rating: 1.5 / 5 