Movie Name: The A-Team Action [Quote from a television series] | Is that a bird? A plane? Superman? 000 tanks, but not fly without wings in this film, which avoids the defender logic 0 In 1983 launched a television serial episodes as "a team" led the heroism and the late George Bebard Subscribe to represent a former boxer named himself "Mr. T", which later moved to participate Sylvester Stallone in the ring the second film in the series "Rocky" 0 The weekly episodes of about an hour and that the team members (sometimes four without women, and later five and six) were the nucleus of a group of soldiers who fought bravely in Vietnam and returned to civilian life only to find themselves wanted by the U.S. military charges are innocent of them. Each episode of the show Amobaderi was based on a quest to escape from Mtardehm of military forces on the one hand, and to help the owners of the rights of the wronged and wasted from the general public on the other hand. The series won a great success continued for about five years, although it was based on the logic of every possible break. His hero, George Bebard Bsigarh large and the largest machine gun, he was always keen to seem calm and cool even in the darkest times. The fact that some of the adventures of this team was closer to the development of the team earlier adventures lived television (and film too as this film), entitled "Mission: Impossible." The heroes of that series did not find themselves oppressed by the nation, but their operations were always accurate and it was people, including an Afro - American ... Unnecessary diversification chromatography 0 Film challenge now screens under the same title does not belong to those episodes, but the title on the one hand and in bold too, although that main line: these heroes belonging to a special unit charged with a crime he did not commit any of them, and Mlahakon by a special unit again in the U.S. Army Based on the accident was hatched by a third unit. In addition to this element, add a fourth team was this time the CIA wanted them alive, and preferably dead. And intelligence is aware Assanaoh (three screenwriters major and seven in the shadows, and director Joe Carranahan) that no point of playing on the rope puzzles ... God knows the names did not clearly define the roles: the Quartet is innocent. Working the first Chaser fake. The second serial killer and the CIA was guilty in turn. If it appears to the scenes of complicated and entangled, by a road map of those carried by the film's hero, Liam Neeson to study the prospects for the next adventure 0 The first ten minutes of the film is to make this team in the Mexican (must be dangerous, of course) ends chase in the atmosphere in which team succeeds in luring an enemy to American airspace in order to destroy them under the umbrella of the law. After that degrades heroes of the film (Liam Neeson, Bradley Cooper, Harlto Copley and Afro-American Konton Rambaj Jackson) move their events a few years forward. Here they are in Iraqi territory during the current war and for twenty minutes later. The task is to ask them to retrieve the alloy for the printing of counterfeit dollars can not be differentiated from the original ones. A senior generals (Gerald Mkrani) says the officer Neeson: "Please accept the job done" and tell him that supporters of Saddam Hussein running the process alloys such they are heavily armed and the desire to harm the U.S. economy 0 process faced by the four individual against "supporters of Saddam Hussein", a large and full of possibilities, But the prospect that does not come out unharmed, heroes of the film is longer, of course. But after the recovery of money and bullion are discovering that the manipulation has happened and is throwing charges of fraud directly to those four. Court-martial in the United States decided to send all of them to a different prison, but only until the intervention of the CIA to arrange the smuggling operation in the time that notice the Colonel Harisa (Jessica Bill) that someone is trying to release them tries to thwart the attempt ... Are you late Harisa Here are the heroes of the movie the four fly in an atmosphere of modern Germany by plane. But for the moment ... There are planes bombing a U.S. military plane you want heroes of the film to drop .. Will you succeed? Yes succeed .. . A team plane to explode, but here are the flying tank was inside the aircraft to defend itself well and glide all the confidence in the upper atmosphere. Before you ask yourself a logical question about how can we find a tank to fly landing in the waters of Lake German, and out of heroes of the film safely, of course, 0 How to fly and how to land?, Is no less surprising and unique as well: thanks to the brains of the team leader (Neeson) is full of knowledge in this regard, it was for the tank to give up all their ammunition, and to obey the orders of good students from the pilot, and the tank is still in the air, Roundedness right times and left varying times and specific. What is the relationship that the instructions on how to safely drop the tank? Is not known. But the whole chapter silly and ridiculous as it is funny is 0 per adventures that there will be daily until the safety of these. Lead, which does not face up to their bodies, but to make a simple scratches. Paradoxically, the former always make them to the front, and when there are possibilities and options, the probability of successful is the one which provides for the survival alive despite the ferocity of the enemy 0 So, here they are the bad guys from the bad guys from the army and the CIA chasing members of a team. Fortunately, Weiss (Cooper) was known as Captain Charisa (Bill) before the beginning of the movie years, and this knowledge was emotional what allows it to Ihadtha more than once, reminding them of love that has passed. This anniversary beneficial because the heart of the control of military conduct silent softened, and her ears open weekend to hear the truth: a team is not guilty of nothing to do with the process of printing counterfeit dollars, but there are those who charge by the paste and is now trying to filter it so as not exposed. This means that the corrupt military team the anti with the corrupt CIA collaborators without opening a direct line at first, but when all else fails the disposal of the members of this team becomes a collaboration between all the bad guys need to be from 0 Jesper director Gore each of these blocks of events , easily surpassing the view that all gaps resulting from missiles launched by the defender of logic. To the director adequate idea of what he wants done and how: he wants a film moving quickly to put to another and from one scene to fight scene of fighting later, with decorating the sky all of this with explosions and scenes big, and at the same time holding the thread's main film so as not to get lost is before anything else. I think he has succeeded in these tasks difficult and thanks to the editing includes, inter alia, maintain the rhythm of the year and the implementation of many of the moves within the scene fast one. There is a scene laughable and successful in its idea and is located in the first half of the film. One of the members of the team, Murdoch (Copley, who we know from the science fiction film "District 9") imprisoned in a hospital insane (his actions strange already), but is aware that there is an attempt to extract it. Calls for the rest of the prisoners with psychological symptoms (possibly including the seven authors who have withdrawn from this work) to enter the tent pitched to view the film in three dimensions. Colored glasses are distributed but the picture on the screen (within the screen) remains unclear. The third dimension is not achieved. But suddenly enter the military vehicle of the screen are those that came to the smuggling of Murdoch. The timing of everything and the idea itself is not without irony about the phenomenon of three dimensions. This two-dimensional film done enough of the thrill of Khozablatth not need the additional embodiment. Is by nature does not need any depth of 0-Iraq war is not quite, but in terms of being a background to the question of the presence of trying to smuggle what is required for the printing of fake currency abroad. An attempt which is not the property of supporters of Saddam Hussein, but according to the Americans who want to use for themselves and achieve wealth through it. But there are Arab figures appear in the scenes of Europe. Of course, the only way to understand the Arabs is that they are Basque and keffiyeh headdress (though the suit over the Bank). But there is a surprise: one of these is not an Arab. This monitoring is necessary so as not to read a few days after the film is anti-Arab. If he was hostile to anything Vllomirkyin themselves, but Americans do not complain about that ... We have become accustomed to the movies show them as evil, as long as the heroes are also Americans 0 The final chapter of the film, which is located on the pavement of events Port of Los Angeles so large wondering how did you hear what happened in the news? I have been practically demolished the port during the entire battle was cleverly planned by the team who knew exactly what would happen (read the scenario well) to the extent that does not surprise constrained from doing the right thing. This plan requires cranes and huge blocks of goods to potentially volatile and will stand out bits of every member of the enemy and how it will be to get rid of all of them every second of its assigned 0 These questions of logic. The questions are kind of entertainment: Why do we have to take things seriously as long as the movie does not mean that? This question is the only logic in this film 0 Rating: 2 / 5 