Movie Name: SECRETATIAT | Skrtarit Directed by: Randall Wallace Starring: Diane Lane, John Malkovich, Dylan Walsh, Dylan Baker Screenplay: Mike Rich [inspired by the book Bill Nak]. Photography: Dean Semler [color - 35 mm]. Synthesis: John Wright (123 minutes). Composer: Nick Glennie - Smith. Product: Gordan Gray, Mark Syardi 0 PRODUCTION: Mayhem Pictures. DISTRIBUTOR: Walt Disney [USA-2010]. Drama | horse is good in this film, but also do Dayan Line Antiques in the drama of the expectations on the film along the line chosen by the Abu Dhabi Film Festival for the opening may be appropriate for our love of horses, which is more suitable for the festival. The theme that holds everything and the value of film art is something else. The issue here is - based on a true story as usual - the horse that won races despite the expectations and calamities. In fact, he, as tells the knowledgeable, the most famous horse races in the history of the U.S. reminds me of what was said when he was a film of this kind in 2003 entitled «Seibeskt» that that is the most famous horse races in the history of America. Months, or less well known, does not matter much. What is important is that the subject which she said was appropriate because it reflects our love of horses generally do not turn the negative aspects of free and foremost, the film not only has a foot to go into anomalies know where to lead. Beautiful horse Secretariats (in fact five horses played a role - one while he was still small, the second of the enemy and the third because it carries the face Votojohnnyk and two for the provision) will face challenges with courage, strength, and will enter the games, recording victory after victory down to the big win in 1973 in the field of Triple Horn 0 Before the horse and his proficiency and beauty transformed human roles, those of the representatives sitting on the two lists only, to the formalities. It is true that Dayan to where you put in the role of what is characterized by spontaneous and commitment, but the rest around acting like someone who read the scenario very well and understand that it can not wrest the championship from the Persians. Not that they're bad, but satisfied with the conduct of business often. Dayan, to inherit the farm where her father (Scott Glenn), who dotes started a farm for breeding horses, and save it from the danger of falling into the hands of others want to exploit the weakness of the owner and buy them. There are a lot of the violin solo at this stage to move beyond the consequences of its decision. I have taken it upon themselves to not only keep the farm but to change the living environment of the city and move to the countryside. Then there are many details to face in order to carry out new work. In this era gives birth to the Persians »Skrtarit« and carry joy to the heart of the film heroine and those around them. After that is the role of Lucian (John Malkovich) to train Skrtarit and Jockey Ronnie Torki to establish a relationship Fares immunity, in which passes the film in other details in preparation for the gain preliminary rounds and then round the large, located at the end of the film 0 is a movie full of Paljmagliat has a heart tender and a desire to give the viewer an understanding new horse and the relationship between large Skrtarit and its owner. In this situation, there are a few scenes for consideration by Diane Wayne to the eyes of the horse as if it were communicating with Bshifrat visual. Scenes of a passionate and well-packing, but not enough to give the film a higher value, bringing it from the start as a movie good story about a real horse. Nothing more and nothing smaller. Pattern director Randall Wallace to work is often reparative. Knows all that is needed to get to the heart and fill the eye and treatment are processors Tine film in the sixties where the adventure was written limited or prohibited in such films. Everything it must belong to the pattern programmed 0 in America ran a movie half way to success. Solution III reflects that the issue is no longer as it was in the sixties. Either this or that horses that have appeared in previous similar films, such as »all the beautiful horses« and »Seibeskt« and »Champion« ran the distance and won the race came the real hero in the final status Skrtarit 0 Rating: 2.5 / 5 