Movie Name: Killers starts this film slowly Lth Jennifer (or Jane as you like that It Lq them and carried out by Cath Rennes Heigl), sitting between her parents (Tom Selleck Bashanb set to the hair and Cath Rennes O'Hara and the cup does not leave her) seem Economy (Higher is provided with a service to the regular economy class, but there is more space for legs and very big here) note that this family bakacad Lat Ye heading to the Principality of Monaco to spend Att him. Of course, if you're like me you can not accept what you say the movie you will ask yourself, if the family can spend a week in Monaco, what prevents them from first class travel, or Economy Class? Is the father skimpy? Will not know what anti Vstsal the plane to the south of France magician will enter the family courtyard of a large hotel after booking for the same two rooms and one for Mama and the Pope and the other for their daughter, which is supposed to be able to enjoy freedom of personal for the fact that her father, the type who likes to be protected from falling in love. Rushdi Abaza in a film playing this role and we laughed, but in the movie Robert Oketek will not laugh. Will not cry. We will not do anything until the exit of the hall where Itana question that often We are desperately these days: What happened to Hollywood? Have you forgotten how to laugh? 0 It is a few moments before meeting with Jennifer Bspencer (Ashton Kutcher), who had arrived, and what a coincidence, the emirate itself landed in the same hotel at the same minutes. It is a spy and assassin specialist and another bombing helicopter operations were targeted for killing. Who would have thought that it was difficult for the T circle that hit by a rocket (and thereby mercy and the film ends), while easy for him to dive into the sea w m climb to the Ronevi H the hotel, where T stands circle and then formulate a ticking time bomb set off by an hour he wants? When he meets Spencer Jennifer Tzhrh Boukgelha and lack of wit Taking inviting them to the food (which does not It its core) spend half their time and are talking that under T the beginning, because her parents bitter from there and they do not want her father to see her now with it spends on the joy of someone who seemed to her groom appropriate even before they learn is 0 Well, three years ahead and we are now in the suburbs of U.S. cities after I spy it and let the life of danger and settled in a new job and here is his wife telling him she was pregnant and everything is a happy future for the fact that the agency he works for decided to pay ten million dollars for serving is 0 Now the issue is not the degree of tourism or tourism degree is excellent, but is a matter of laughter on the minds that if the spy agency that you want to kill him after he refused to continue the work you want to execute the death sentence it, why not send killers specialized focus or trap him and end up? No. It be assigned the task to its neighbors and some of his staff in the office who do not experience them at all in this regard. The first of those who want to try to catch bonus colleague at work eats a lot and drink a lot and gossiped about his relations with women a lot. Sleep in the house of the couple after the ceremony gala birthday and wakes up in the morning to do his mission, which form almost a separate movie and ends after ten minutes is exciting. During what would follow from the events look like gum that has been Mtha to become thin and perforated in more than one place, it will pair a target for each its neighbors are also in the scenes are supposed to be a fun and perhaps funny, and certainly interesting, but none of them does not achieve any of these goals 0 idea is not poor. Could accept, in the film better, the idea that neighbors hero of the movie they can be brought to this section of the act of fantastic comic delinquent, but that after dealing with the environment itself and to provide those figures next presentation in order to be true conclusion anomalies elicit laughter or suspense. But this information is absent from the director who made the best films about ten years ago, and was entitled "blonde legally," with Reese Witherspoon, and then decided to rest from the fatigue of mastery and called what is easy and non-innovative 0 while the complicated issues and it is not known who is the neighbor or friend next try to kill Spencer, there is nothing wrong with killing his wife, the movie has turned into a digression is useless. After the first attempt there is no longer something new can add the script because he said all he wanted to say (though ducks leaflet line a) Since the beginning: the secret exposed, the reaction of the wife understood begin invocation and ends to subscribe to defend her husband, attitudes, spent the characters not the depth of the and failing to clear before it begins and ducks For the film has nothing to play between the battle and the other only to demonstrate that he marveled 0 and one of these attempts fall when the husband comes in with his wife in the bathroom of his office based in the engineering institute. It is a day one, as we assume, so there is no one in the organization. She wants to spend their needs and examine itself to see if she was already pregnant or not, and ask him to leave the bathroom, but Iwather survival. Opens the tap on the sink, but it reiterates the request. Suddenly there is radio in the bathroom! And managed to raise his voice even covers any sound to play. Us supposed to laugh here, but the output is eager to move to another scene so do not take care the director of purpose for which they were writing the scene. But in the end, the husband leaves his wife to find that his colleague at work that we we got it in an earlier scene (Kathryn Winnick) attended the turn, and after a quick greeting discovers that she came to kill him. Yes contacted by the Agency (via the anonymous person designated to eliminate it, which will be named at the end of the movie) and asked them to regain movements by watching movies I learned from Jackie Chan and to eliminate it. There is no worse than the hero of the film to enter the battle Vtaatmny if the enemy is the one who wins it. I paid attention to this fact in the bathroom last battle took place between Arnold Coartznegr The Arab who tried to eliminate it in the "lies the fact that" [James Cameron - 1994]. Because the desire for an enemy hero to win it, it means one thing: that the hero has failed to be loved and that happens you have a positive impact and emotion of an effective lead you to request him success in his mission, and this is what is happening here. Battle end result expected and when you do shake your head sadly, because the film did not end here the triumph of "evil" to "good" this time 0 in the end, will try to film reveal a big secret will be I will not mention here so as not to spoil the "fun" seeing if it maintains the reader to watch the movie if only from the criticism of criticism. But we have to say that this secret was no secret because the viewer knows Malam, after seeing such a plot by a lot of behind the attempt to get rid of Spencer. When is prohibited - that is the scene, the viewer will know how it ends 0 part of the impasse in which hunting for about a hundred minutes is that the stars of the movie Katherine Heigl and Ashton Kutcher are not suitable to appear. I'd say is suitable for even the emergence of an individual mind, what both of them. But Catherine is a good actress in the character in the film surface poorly, which is the best of Kutcher (who is one of the film's producers as well) because it is representative of the bad character in the film surface is poor. No one can stand in front of him to play the role of the representative of the poor of the tournament without dropping things from the willingness and talent and worth, and this is what happens with Hegel. Kutcher has a face suitable for playing the role of the working elevator in that hotel guests who got it. And the voice comes out like the roar of the helicopter which tried to be followed, and the performance depends on the swab and one from the cover of expression, such as bottles of Pepsi-Cola when it was still sold in bottles is no difference between the cover and the last. Sometimes wanted to wrestle a little Vimay to change his voice and layer extracted some of the words through the confirmation tone as if he were to write a letter and put a line under some of the words. The physical remains away from the interaction. Unable to observe the time and place and the person in front of him with all of the trader's position is submitted. This realization does not need to watch the whole movie before aware, it is the feeling that the Home Hikhaltk Kutcher play the role of creativity without a plan so that the wonder, the film is still familiar with it, how can this character is self-confident to be lethal specialist? Rating: 1.5 / 5 