Movie Name: Knight And Day Thriller / Action | This James Mangold on the light. Adventure movie and chases a multi-climates few beneficial exercises in which Tom Cruise spaces heroic at the expense of Cameron Dayaz 0 Finally, the search term spent Tom Cruise in the pursuit of success it back on the summit seems to have ended: "Knight and a day" bring him back to the drafting of adventures that committed in the series "Mission: impossible. " Scenario specially written by Patrick O'Neill in the first film done by a writer after a short career (and a banner) in the representation. Director James Mangold, who completed a number of good movies before, including Cop Land (1997), Girl, Interrupted (1999), Walk the Line (2005) 3:10 to Yuma and won admiration in the last significant cash his last film Tom Cruise says in his speeches that he is one of the later James Mangold to take the job, which means that Mangold was reluctant (if I may say Cruz) and the fact that the film is well represented (although not as good to excellent degree) had a right to hesitate. First action film is a fast, light and mass origin and intent, is usually the work of the director, and second, the scenario in which tons of events, but ironically does not contain an important story. There is a vacuum at the heart of its subject makes the film ultimately immaterial 0 Is very likely that the director was aware of a bug script, so focused on the packaging scenario a great deal of movement and rhythm resulting from the pursuits and adventures. It begins with his boot to good separation of Scilly: Roy Miller (Tom Cruise) in one of the airports. To an end in itself seem preoccupied with watching the woman and confused schoolbag enter the airport to go to the office of the airline. Roy collision provokes them (we see later on screens Monitor Venaraf why) and then collide with a second time (and also artificially) after completed filled with the Office of Aviation. His plane was delayed a bit. She wants an early trip: two on board the plane on a domestic flight. Woman, whose name is Zhong (Cameron Dayaz) conceals some very impressive so handsome man who advised her not to take that trip, but insisted to find the plane almost empty and not, as I told her the employee is full to the ground. One look from Roy Miller and the viewer into a handful of passengers suggest that these passengers are not normal. Stripes caused concern to Roy so Itapahm while laughing and talking with silly Zhong. When you enter the bathroom, to settle for the preparation of beauty that may be developed by the looks and smiles between Roy, passengers come to kill Roy. Battle rapid fall between the seats is where the broken necks and hands and kill everyone, including the assistant captain who succeeded in hitting Roy bullet hit Roy scratch, but before he was shot the other was Roy had threw it, including making the Assistant Captain falls to the ground and the bullet hit Captain himself. When I got out Zhong of the bathroom and found Roy tries to fly a plane instead of the captain and you discover that everyone Excluding the exception that handsome dead 0 This is a good start and exciting pregnant with questions, but the film then continues to work on this vein of the scenes and as long as he revealed that he does not contain within it the heart of Nonfiction is a real drama and interesting characters to deal 0 Roy, as can be seen quickly, usually is a client over the CIA. With special battery that will mean a revolution in the science of weapons technology. CIA (represented by its Chairman of the Division Viola Davis) in the wake of Roy because it believes it will sell to the arms dealer Spanish Ontonion (Jordi Molla), who do not know who will sell, but the fact that one of its agents Fitzgerald (Peter Sarsgaard) is seeking to seize the battery from the Roy therefore plot the plane. Zhong insisted was an innocent witness to subscribe the trip made her, from that moment onwards, the responsibility of Roy, who intends to protect it until the last movie. For the benefit of the film that is full of traps, even if that is not including what is actually an innovative idea. The main author of the plan of how to find the average woman, which was heading for the wedding of her sister in the same series of dangerous situations is normal and how responsive with her and Roy's attempts to defend itself from attacks and do not stop Events of the "Knight and a day" moving from Brooklyn in New York and Boston airport, in the state of Massachusetts, to the town of Salzburg in Austria and Sevilla in Spain with a pause in Jamaica. The adventures are located in planes, trains, cars, motorcycles and boats sea with other scenes of running away and jumping from rooftops. All he asks the viewer addict solutions to modern Hollywood films such multiple places Photography is not a problem: how to move the problem There is room open air in front of Roy Miller, as this was in the days of Superman. Each wanted to be in a place that was it. Although the U.S. government in the wake of all the men and their arrival at what he wants is not a problem at all. Not a problem, for example, dive under the water canal in Austria or Spain, to appear in Boston. Or to escape Roy and women, which began to feel love towards her, of course, from the island of Jamaican to find themselves on a train in the central Alps, Switzerland 0 I think that the scenario he wants to say more than it cares about the movie to show, or more than able director elaborated: in reality is a movie about Sandrella beautiful snatch them from the Earth Prince of Dreams is one of the Iknyh movie of "Knight" intervened Adventures succession of breaks which only wake up from sleep in each time to find themselves in a place other than it was on prior sleep. To note that they do not sleep in this movie, since she met Roy, but numb. Ikhaddrha is so easy for him to transfer without opposition, and Ikhaddrha Antonio once a substance being able to lie. Each time is in a different place from that custody by the interpretation 0 This is what gives the film aesthetic value of the content, but the director does not deal with him and as saturated. If he wanted to do it because it was in, alone, to be the hub for a longer period instead of the movie that shares this axis that gallant knight. In other words, the film will address the theme on the basis she is a woman living the dream of adventure and act automatically according to the dictates of the events of that dream. This situation has been proposed to address do not put Roy in the heart of the matter, but his only reason, just Sandrilla tale ... Racsth officer, who was the means was not the main tournament 0 inability of the film, for commercial reasons, to work on this line which suggests, of the reasons why writing a personal Zhong restricted to roses do about what happens with it. Posed on the tape is just a beautiful woman is required for the exercise of heroic Tom Cruise spaces at its expense. Both Cruz and Dayaz they met, in a climate best dramatic and technically, the year of 2001 when the participatory and Benoli Cruz tournament director Cameron Crowe film adaptation of Alejandro Amenabar Spanish film Open Your Eyes is derived from the Spanish Alejandro Amenabar film Vanilla Sky in 1997 For his part, Tom Cruise has a very special film: Success. A quick look at his films from 2006, when launched "Mission: Impossible - 3" to the day reveals the pitfalls of professional Note: appeared in the role of good, directed and co-starring Robert Redford, but the film has not been successful Lions for Lambs Tropic Thunder because of the seriousness and the arguments of political . Participated in a supportive role in the comedy as a player character Hollywood producer. Film succeeded, and to some extent, but not because of it. Then there was a known film, who played the character of the officer Claus von Hetovnberg who participated in the attempt to kill Hitler, Valkyrie. Film landed in the bottom of commercial films in 2008 (and technically was an average of between mastery and failure) 0 in this case is needed to succeed. Any different treatment for this that we see in this film will not benefit him in anything. Magnold and James knows it and succeed in filling the holes and divert attention to the follow-up to an exciting all the time. On this level alone can not be overlooked that the "Knight and a day" a good movie even though the shots near the aspects (proliferating in the first half of the movie) on the wide screen look out of place, ignoring the ocean as a whole. Once there is good justification for the large number of these shots are falling by the time the camera to discover that the heroes who Atkdnahma driving a car, are already in the car mounted on a truck. A touch of nice touches different distributed, formality, click this film 0 Rating: 2.5 / 5 