Movie Name: Iron Man 2 Action [Adapted from figure Comics] | Robert Downey Jr. wearing a suit rail and provides performance Mkerka second part of "Iron Man" movie is thorny in that it understands that based on the base of a very popular and that all he has done is to provide What would you look for that rule in the film of the adventures and scenes of Action and effects and the noise and the clanging of metal. But what makes the film problematic is that it holds an impressive lead hero and heroine What is so impressive it. Is not a film you love but you see a film and Assanaoh and trust that this is what the public wants to a degree that they did not uninterested professionally done at the proper 0 It's as if it is no longer important to the star to be loved, just as if it is no longer important for the Robert Downey Jr. to make himself agreeable. While the ambiguity of the characters is Mahbuma in varieties of films, including this type based on the thrill, even in theory, the ambiguity must have a concept of reason and settles for a combination of events and behaviors as a psychological element to form a dramatic surprise. What does it matter, for example, that the viewer knows that the character of Tony Stark, better known as "Iron Man" on the same fear of death, whether these fears are not active on the real events or affect in his actions, or put it in the scene has a sharp conflict between life and death. Yes, there is this frequency in the person of Tony that he may die, and there gala birthday party last call, but the way they act with Tony on this subject the way adolescents and not the way makers of complex metal suit have been installed on the body of a film hero. Even though the purpose was to show his concern about death, the treatment of humor so that the end vanish like smoke Alsegarp 0 Subject for those red metal suit of military transformation that Tony, as we saw in the first part, an ordinary man of capacity, to the arsenal of weapons. Becomes a plane and grenade launcher and absolute radiation and explosive crater automatic machine guns, and if forced to hit his arm, the consecutive two-stroke that would fall down a building or pick out the enemy from its place and receive away. U.S. government wants from Tony delivered this suit because it is a weapon for the security of the state, which says members of Congress at the beginning of the film and during his interrogation: This suit me. We are both one and you can get them to you so I get a "0 In other words, how his invention would be allowed to acquire this if he is, physically, part Of the present invention? Argument in place and the viewer has the right to expect that the film will walk on like this, but the story can then be passed to other hubs: Tony discovers that the artificial heart that beats in his chest no longer works as it was formerly (in the first part and then not) because the reactor that sows in the chest, causing poisoning in Aldam. And his rival in the market for weapons Hammer (Sam Rockall) seeks to break the spell of defaming the suit, and turn the government, and there is a Russian named Ivan (Mickey Rourke) wishes to take revenge on Tony Stark since his father Tony was a cause in custody and the father of Ivan in Siberia for twenty years. Ivan knows the ability of Tony / Iron Man and make a weapon in a parallel power (do not know how it is funded but some may find that this does not matter). And Hammer decides that Ivan is the will of his desire to defeat Tony and the elimination of the threat of competition from 0 we were young we play the heroes and thieves, and our stories were better than this story. This is because no one in the film, and basically corrupt officials, he has a justification concept here about what you are doing any character including the question of the father of Ivan and revenge, which pays for an invention made by the special series of electrical hit by anything Afiktah into two parts. It is almost cut in half Iron Man Iron Man but also protected the scenario that it should stay alive until the end, you know that it is evil will be eliminated and it is not a hero ... A matter of time no more than 0 And the question of the father are important in many of the films taken from publications of the "Marڤl," a publishing house specialized soap operas popular image, which is now "All in all" in the Paramount depending on the contract with the studio known as the U.S. recently. In "Superman" will be discussed love Superman to his father, the second space and the sacrifice for the Superman to live above the ground, then the positive relationship between Superman II and the American farmer and his wife who found him in the field and the children and oversaw the sponsorship. Relationship is more complicated in the "Spider-Man" where the hero of the movie carries guilt for the death of his father. In a series of films "Batman" where guilt loaded with the same desire to revenge the death of his father first and then the desire not to make an element of revenge in his war against the bad guys. Here, is suffering "Iron Man" from his understanding that his father was not well-Sabah did not "tell me once that I love," but he will discover in this part that he said summed up when the invention. If Tony Stark come to terms with its past, but unlike the films mentioned earlier this reconciliation, the importance of content, without going through the impact of drama as well. Not that the movie is supposed to contain a letter in this regard, but the whole issue is not deep. As well as the fact that Russian Ivan stems to destroy evils and because of his love for his father, who suffered in his life long. In addition, the "Iron Man" meet and "Spider-Man" in that the father died of a villain is the hero or directly from his father, so the Son in a series of past acts of evil, in order to kill Super Hero 0 Puts the hero of "Iron Man" Tony the middle two women: There is help first appointed by the President of the Governing Council in his institution (Gwyneth Paltrow) and the girl with the serious military that are running in the enterprise (Scarlett Johansson), which revealed later on that they are here to defend the interest of Tony's best defense . But of what the film does not put him in mind is to keep the emotional state champion lightweight and stable relationship in a diary with all of these women. He does not love does not hate anyone of them sees it as if it were driven by more than Ikhcihama in his institution. When it comes to the scenes that unite with Gwyneth Paltrow, the screenwriter Justin Thero, as director, prone to long time through mutual brief words in a way traditional comedies emotional. A word or two from it and a word or two of them without explaining any of them what they want in this brief rapid and non-essential 0 The decision makers of the movie "Iron Man 2" Movie lightweight Bel Mtarah the comic ridden the remainder of the desire of the viewer follow a superhero his position clear and strong personality. This is not a request reflects a political stance (as if the viewer is desirable for a military solution), but dramatic. If you add to this, a personal hero is evident in the actions and hesitations, then how is Robert Downey, this character and found that the film does not work well at those levels 0 in this regard, the one watching Robert Downey as he tried to put himself in front of the personal rendered. We also recall the play most of the scenes in the first film wearing a suit. We have not seen a lot, but creating a successful synthesis that emphasized good between Tony and Iron Man if one of them and effectively. Here, allowing more of the scenes of Robert Downey, the lead character Tony appropriate available for the Downey to play himself in front of the camera as he likes, whether personal basis so I wrote it or not. Accordingly, there is a lot of Robert Downey, and a little of Tony Stark, a practice the same, including Robert Downey for the character Sherlock Holmes in his latest film "Sherlock Holmes" If we follow our representatives act more as a star, placing himself at the disposal of personal and sincere about Pored 0 On the other hand, there are specific successes in this movie and I remember in the opening lines that he fails while all other representatives in the box reserved for them (the representation) Mickey Rourke removes all of its competitors cleverly giving his character the appropriate exception. Rourke proves that he can eat in a duel with Robert Downey representative without real effort. Probably had the Russian accent is not always correct, but did not Igelbha the rest of the elements of performance. We have formulated a drawing of the character as he wants to play and entered into without regard for the development of his personality in front of the personal rendered. Talk show in a scene and one that combines the hero and the enemy of this, can monitor different way that addresses each of these representatives of his personality. If it is true that Rourke did not read the script, but read only see it on most likely the same from the beginning on the following representation of the absurdity of most of the other representatives to create distance between him and the work. I expected that Rourke who does not care how to play the role on the basis of that role in a movie to made trade, not art. But did the opposite in the limits of the relatively few scenes that he had 0 As well as improving the level of the film followed by scenes chats Action followed by chats, to the level of Action is very active at the level of the inevitability of conflict between good and evil and that his watch in one third of the latter. This film does not improve at all, but save him from his decline, and bring him back to some forever executed landing. Directed by Jon Favreau (who will be gathered to himself the role of the private driver in this film) is very similar to the clanging of tin, which we hear. He is dealing and the clanging of the ideas that make "Iron Man" Sobraheero of Tank. Wants to take things lightly and seriously, but both do not work together as intended both aspire to create the formulation and the mood is different from the other, and this is what makes the film, in the words of Shakespeare "to a flurry of big about nothing" Rating: 1.5 / 5 