Movie Name: The Holcroft Covenant Charter Holkrovi Thriller | Nazi (1985) 0 John Frankenheimer directed by: John Frankenheimer roles first: Michael Caine, Anthony Andrews, Victoria Tannt, Mario Odorf, Michel Onssadol, Lily Palmer 0 attempts to John Frankenheimer achieve a film has one foot in politics and presented in suspense. Was achieved by the films of this quality. One does not forget that he is talking about the director who completed the 1977 "Black Sunday" about the Arab terrorists are involved with the sympathetic outcasts from their communities west of the murder and sabotage in the name of the principles do not exist, according to the film, but in their thoughts. «Charter Holkrovi» good treatment. Thriller based on the glory of the pulse required to believe, but directly in his speech and is deep enough to raise the value of the film 0 Mokdhu for the 500-page novel by Robert Andlom among those who found in the Second World War and its aftermath a world of his books though most home after years of war and which is not also the case in this film. But Andlom out of the confines of those stories a few times but always the opposite of a political vision is limited. Last Movies Sam Pkinbah «holiday Oosterman» About Authority, which wants to kill her children. Scenario »Charter Holkrovi«, as written by George Axelrod, succeed in the short novel and its ramifications, in search of a single line easy relay, and managed by the director was to retain that line and elaborated in the work unit compact and interesting 0 off events from New York but moved to Europe (Britain, Switzerland ). Noel Holkrovi successful American architect of German descent. In the afternoon, one day receives a telephone call is transmitted on effect to Switzerland where he meets the President of a bank and escapes an assassination attempt at the same time. Ahmed, head of the bank that his father, who was a general Nazis during the war, he had signed with the two officers and an important document that the deposit of a few million dollars (transformed with the passage of time and high interest rates to about $ 4 billion) so that they can in the future to finance a plan to prevent the world from the D-Nazi new and compensate the victims of Nazism 0 Noel to act under this Charter to be looking for and I have two officers to be appointed as his advisers, the document states. Create them is not difficult, but to detect the hidden hand that seeks to capture the pursuit of this, leaving a dozen of the bodies is not easy turn. In the end realizes that the Noel that hand is not only Johann (Anthony Andrews), the son of one of the two officers, a commentator in the economic newspaper "Guardian" British. Johan Nazi enthusiast and wanted to kill the evil and Noel and his group, which supported the enormous wealth and seclusion to be used to achieve the goals which create economic turmoil, wars and famines around the world, paving the way for the emergence of neo-Nazi party, perhaps led by his own 0 I passed by here for the kidnapping, intimidation and killing of many, first because the object is not detect an event, but the story outline, and, secondly, because the film itself suffers from the complexity of what is going on note that much of it expected and is not new. While Frankenheimer addressed executive properly in the design and rhythm, but that it stands perplexed between the thrill of cynicism Michael Caine plays his personality that rendered by the police in a few movies before, including, for example, that a good Mnhah but it is not new. Hinged role here to provide everyone with a power of endurance. Innocent, so naive at the beginning of it, at least, then a member of the noble task that required him to find it. Easy for him so long that the criticism of Nazism is this noble purpose 0 Information | James had taken the lead in the representation of the tournament and was the first choice Frankenheimer, but was replaced when a dispute between him and some of the film's producers 0 Rating: 2 / 5 