Movie Name: HARISHCHANDRACHI FACTORY miss this film a rare opportunity to talk seriously about the founder of Indian cinema, this is where it operates today, three million people 0 lived between 1870 and 1944 and known as the father of cinema Dhundiraj Govind Phalke Raja Harishchandra India, he directed his first feature film in which, entitled That was in 1913 after he saw a silent film about Jesus Christ to make it sure that he wants to make movies in turn. This is a good idea of what the achievement of a film director to serve as a biography of the first outlet in town, or for a film with a historical value and high technical is pretty cool. "We wish to achieve a film about the lives of some we have in this regard, the film gives us 0 Donderaj (NAND Madhav) who was also known as Dadasahab, working tricks in the play. Bmendilh reportedly passes on the yellow might turn red, an egg is extracted from his hand that was free and so on. He married a good woman (Vebhauari Dhaaband) and has two sons and the third on the road. When his young son and enters into a tent where the community was a British (and the events are located in the first decade of the twentieth century when India was still under British occupation) Tzhrh idea and begin to consider the possibilities of manufacture. After the completion of a short film or two, collect money and set off towards London to work properly Msaadedda to the director of a British named Cecil Hboort a real person, 111 enjoyed films between 1989 and 1926 and then to return to India and come out a short film using a camera he bought on his trip to London. After a few short films completed his first film that, "Raja Harishnandra" chosen to tell the Hindu god pursuant to the movie Western, which was watched by about the life of Jesus 0 film does not go beyond the successes of the director first, who is also not exceed the time and the 96 minutes This is due to that does not create songs and dance reviews of the norm of the majority of Indian films to this day. But the problem created by the director of alternative Harichandrashi is that it dealt with the personal treatment offered by our comedies. This choice is right because even if the director Fulci, which is to provide his biography here, a clown and not a way out, because his life was the same farce. This treatment is too filmmaker present a rare opportunity for the submission of work to be accepted Kkhv on personal ideas and dreams and the period in which it lived. Of course, all this is not necessarily here, but the attention of the director position to turn it on all services for the treatment of choice, comedy 0 In any period starts after the start of the feeling that something is not realistic at this treatment and that the same story may be fictional imaginary person. One thing I think is realistic is the similarities between the actor and director Madhav NAND played by returning to Archive 0 Rating: 2 / 5 