Movie Name: The Lovely Bones novel was published in 2002 And assume the writer Alice Sebuld tell the story of a girl in fourteen-year-old was raped and then killed, and her soul went up to the place between heaven and earth or "ground the mid", pursuing what is happening on the ground and was succeeded by her absence from the impact on its people and its neighbors and other personalities, including personal killer, which is a neighbors house, which she had been living in the desolate area of Pennsylvania where the events. Prosecute and monitor and tell readers what you see from the events from the perspective of a bird high or what is called the language of Eagle Eye Shot scriptwriters in spite of language in the meaning of the novel, and Mnhaha which assumes the spirit speaks to the reader is the spirit of that little girl, and her name in the novel Susie Sallmen, the novel is predominantly social-oriented, with feelings and a deposit and sad enough to make the final Worth reader Itt Op in a few places, including if it is not customer accounts with social concerns At faithful even when you write as acts on what is invisible and a high degree of default as is the case here 0 Peter Jackson's film tries to convey the story to what it were not novel. The novel is not a marketing communications but the film explores this destination. Reviews the novel bearing self-centered about Susie is ready to forgive her killer, but found that some literary critics that the novel belongs to the stream after the attack atheist th of September 2001, and the desire of some to forgive and forget what happened to the tragedy. But the film is based on watching the next scene and see if the killer will pay for his crime or not and how. There is nothing in the course of a desire to Alenci and forgiveness, on the contrary here is Susie says after her death, and transformation into the spirit of wandering: "When I was small I did not hate anyone. But now I can not help but hate" 0 but Peter Jackson did not want in return, and True, achieve a film haunted houses and ghosts and spirits throughout the show for some time (even if they appear here for some time). What he did is that, Crictih in the writing of Fran Walsh and Philippa Buenos, obviating the need for the events and personalities of many in order to focus on the baseline One: Susie Girl in the age of fourteen in the seventies of the last century, surrounded by her parents and has a sister the youngest of us younger brother and grandmother good. Kill her mysterious neighbor. Does not ascend to heaven, but watching them what is going on. What is going on is how to handle her parents, each in a different way, with the loss. Mother wants to forget and the father refuses to forget. Police investigating the case file and then closes. Killer rest of the did it make sure that no one suspects it of what is being dismissed by a relationship between a mother (Ratchel WISE) and the investigator and allocated killer (Stanley Toshi hair this time) to address expanded necessitated change events in the novel to fit this change making the film in some of the story police is not without its moments Hechkokip. Also dismissed completely fathom the character a woman living on the edge of a huge hole used by rural people of the region to throw their own waste. In the novel the boy's mother Susie, who was starting to feel camaraderie about it, he gave her a date of early death prevented him from going. English immigrant mother and have something to say and express it in the novel but on the screen looks a mysterious figure is not necessary 0 We are in the small town and beautiful. Voice of Susie Susie give us a picture (Cyrus Ronen) and innocent little girl after a few years to move forward while guide her and her father (Mark Olberg) camera on the occasion of her birthday gala XIV. Pick up the pictures in the hope that one day become a professional photographer. Her grandmother (Susan Sarandon) notes the interest in a young man named Ray (Reaser, Ricci) and the interest of the young man and this soon to reveal to Susie about his passion towards it. This on the same day Itrsdha Harvey (Toshi) and kill her (in the novel and then rapes her kill her in the film does not mention the rape but the suggestion that he signed) 0 This takes about 44 minutes then move on to the vast space between heaven and earth. The exciting world of colors and shapes you think Susie fantasy that paradise, but another girl tell her it is not, and that they should forget what happened on the ground and walk into the future. But Susie (without reasons or justifications) and rejects here to link the film to her world and world events that left behind on the ground 0 Jackson, the director succeeds in optics much more than success in Aldramyat. And because "the mid ground," is rich with opportunities to form Vantakizat different from the trees, water, spaces, colors and exciting ideas from the illicit manufacture, its success is in the minutes of the beautiful view. On the ground, the compass that can be Tahedih to how to deal with the crises and missing his grip on the point of the movie is not one. Minutes prior to the death of Susie looks swimming in the story without real axis, and the scenes ground later under the umbrella of the desire to push the viewer to accept the film as an act of Policy of a specific type 0 There are a lot of camera movement and designed in some cases is no different from a design scenes of "The Lord of the Rings" (any part) of such movement, which is approaching the camera from the left of the screen of the personal side to the right. Movement does not make sense that the innermost is not the same. It Mentm here to the tragedy of girls and the director tries to make of that tragedy comedy, not a sense of entertainment, but he asked viewers some entertainment anyway 0 desire Jackson to provide visual pleasure relieve the scenes that have no meaning in spite of aesthetic, not the novel written for convenience in The problem can be dealt with primarily from this angle. Nevertheless, everything in the film craft to ensure this joint comfort or visual aesthetic, including the color film, which operate on the brown, orange and illuminated as beauty salons or studios Photo 0 Although the authors did not raise my interest, but it is written well in Mnhah, and some quality stems from the follow-up to the author for the life of the family they belong to the girl after her death. It's follow-up to reveal the meaning of the title, is meant here is not the bones of the victim after being buried bones or any one, it is a metaphorical use of the cohesion that is between the father and mother and other family members because of bereavement 0 Interview, which was between me and the director took place before watching the movie, no wonder he began to interview a kind of catch-up, saying he can not film that expresses the novel fully or expression that embodies a whole. Of course not, especially if the director understand the pattern was not intended 0 Rating: 2 / 5 