Movie Name: The Expendables | Sylvester Stallone between the «consumers» and «a Group» relationship based on the following situation: Both about a group of veterans who are performing functions that are impossible to kill them, or at least, injuring scores (in the case of perhaps hundreds Stallone movie) of enemies. But while the «Group A» as narrated by Joe Karnahn work entertaining and a good implementation, the movie Sylvester Stallone entertaining and poor execution - but with a silly story, such as those carried by the snapshot is the first and last shot he will remain silly and bad, even if the atmosphere Karnahn implemented also 0 The problem with Sylvester Stallone and his part is that an entirely personal: the representative of the sixty-fourth trying to catch the edge of the window on an upper floor so as not to fall to the ground. Trying to estimate (which does not differ much from the attempts to Adel Imam, for example), but you wonder whether the cost of staying on hold near the top has to be paid from the talent, however limited In this film the start of the unexpected including the definition of Stallone and his men can do about some of the terrorists. After killing them all and show a divergence between someone named Gner (Adolf to Ndgren) will be employed later, the film cuts us to the topic Drive: a dictator in the Latin small named Gen. gas (David Zayas) to deal with the evil American resigned from (and pay attention to the word resigned) from the CIA CIA and an open shop trade on his account, James Monroe (Eric Roberts). Businessman has a few men ate head of the snake if so ordered, seize the riches of the country with the consent of the general and common interest. The task assigned to this team which is managed by Stallone is to get rid of the dictator and liberate the country from it. For that, he and his associates (closest to John Stamam) move to that country's coastline. Amphibious landing aircraft obsolete. Identify the daughter of Gen. and an air strike on the way and run. Although the escape is the one who was in the mind faq t of beatings, but the Commando Stallone knows that behind the behind the e campaigner for freedom and he has to collect his men - minus Gner that opting to enemies, and a national Lq them and Bmdafhm large and Soarkhm diverse and ammunition into that country and attack the men of the general and men of the U.S. and the battle include decoding necks and stitches Ganajer and break the Parties as murder, half w m leaving the country after it was paint Herha The world is better now after that completed Stallone and his mission last 0 Earlier in another movie named «losers» Silڤain directed by White, there was another difficult task, but the team was not only the anti CIA itself. As well as in «a Group» is the main enemy of the parties to work for the organization. But the fact that Stallone was founded right-wing since the beginning («first blood» or «Rambo» first is known as well) and the American dream and believe in his ability is achieved («Rocky»), the enemies nothing to do with the CIA and the U.S., including Resigned. Not that those films that criticize the CIA and national less criticism but the agency gives the film a chance to staining and the development of some interesting paradoxes. It's like a plate bearing more colorful and diverse the better. The mention of the paintings, it is believed that Stallone film a work of art once the three characters you like the paint on its forms: Mickey Rourke paints a tattoo (if it is an artist!), Daughter of Gen. and Gen. paint himself infected Ballutp and paints. There is talk of drawing and footage close to the eyes do not understand you are inspired by an anonymous painter or not 0 Along with representatives mentioned in the counter there is the emergence of Arnold Coartznegr and the last of Bruce Willis, all of them chewing a few words and I was promised Stallone since he was still representative of a joint film and then responded to his presence as a guest of honor. Perhaps he wanted the second solidarity with Stallone for political reasons. But if that writing at least carried some irony, or if the director allowed some depth (inch of water) may have added reason to watch it. The case that the film is dry and Amadj scenes and large (even though he was a teenager) to be treated with the noise of rockets and missiles at the implementation level the whole pattern is one of mediocrity. Not only that nothing provided by the scenario that seems truncated from each film that is similar to before, but the film shot to another. Therefore, Stallone seriously consider this a work worthy of respect, a presentation on "was" Kbermier and rejected that (imagine if before it) is that the demand upon the American public green signal to achieve the second part, Rating: 1 / 5 