Movie Name: Clash of the Titans Saddam Giants Directed by: Lewis Terje first roles: Sam Ortgton, Liam Neeson, Danny Huston, Raf Vines, Alexa Daڤallos. Genre: Historical Fantasy / Adventure | United States - 2010 in a viewer shout Liam Neeson: "They Kraken" or as the English Release the Kraken and the Kraken monster Kasser. Perhaps the Greeks considered him the world today drawn attention to the nuclear missiles, the creature that can destroy the city as it is quick strikes, and he can destroy a Greek city in ancient times, had to be eligible for the destruction of the entire world. Film "Clash of Giants" deals and Greek mythology, but not by perpetuating the stories full of wisdom and philosophy and a lot of social values, but for the scoop of what can turn it into a special effects shine and shine and bustles for about two hours fitted in three dimensions for those who dare But whatever the justification for a return to old movie with the same title, directed by the year 1981 influences of that era Desmond Daiڤiz, the release of the name of "Kraken" on the monster is a matter of laughter, word is not Greco, nor English nor of Hispanic even though the similarity of the vocabulary Irish If what has been uttered in a certain way. But let fate of the ancient world was hanging Bima Kraken will destroy Greece, starting with the city of Argos who had dared to disobey the orders of the gods. But there is more than the winds of independence in this Avielm, Persaus (Sam Ortngton fresh from "Oڤatar") broke a small on the shore of the sea son to adoption of the hunter a good heart (house Boslwight) is aware that the illegitimate son of the gods Zeus (Liam Neeson), who was once Impersonating a human being and raped a woman and she conceived of human beings from Persaus. After the death of his parents has become a young man decides Brisos revenge of the killer and those who stand behind him even before he realizes it is half human half-god. He will join the side of the right of the people of the city of Argos, who dared to reject the system, prompting the gods gods Hades (RAV Vines) the request of Zeus to help him launch monster Kraken, which must have been a weapon of nuclear deterrence at the time. Persaus but do not know how to face this monster, but a series of confluent of alien creatures seen in some of the first movie, and some new, strongly Mmichqa his sword and stubbornness. The issue is complicated when he asks Hades king of the city of Argos delivered to him and his son name Andromeda (Alexa Daڤallos) in exchange for giving up the destruction of the city The story is not much different from the original in 1981, but in comparison, is aware of saw the film former will see the new movie, how advanced movie on both the canning characters and promote them for commercial purposes, and special effects for level I, the «Saddam Giants» Numero Uno received at a time income is virtually the only films of commercial offers. Today, business presentations, on the utmost importance, is one of the causes of income and other reasons the sale figures shooting, grenade and shooting, video and Kmalsqat and as ideas for cartoon characters to each broker audio / visual as possible. Therefore, much of what is contained in this film remains in the expected range and not in the actual scope of the new, because some are afraid if they dared and done something different from that usually does not sell. And profiling Dye is also the story not being received in the previous film, but because they walk on the trail usually go by the movies that do not have anything to say only the language of Action: Persaus, half human and half human-like, in this entity, personal and Wesley Snipes in "Blade", which was half human and half vampire, I bakacad , But without the conflict between the two halves Vuesli Snipes was fighting himself, seeking to keep the human being i and the time, was either Persaus does not like to become gods but that is not occupied by Kitt Lira 0 on the level of effects, the position of the viewer's position is critical in most cases We are talking about a majority of viewers who were born immediately after the previous film, ie, in the eighties, and thus are not contained in the search for origin and evaluation or rehabilitation to it. There is no calling for this. But the critic, a young man was or not, must know the properties of the film former, noting major shift for the effects that make today's Digital rather than being made by hand the way Ray Harehauzn who made the monsters a lot in his life, including the monsters and the previous version of the «clash of giants." Harehauzn was made dolls of clay to the desired shape and pick up of hundreds of snapshots every shot is different from its predecessor as a slight, even if you view the pictures it looked as if that figure is moving in the spirit of his own, of course not in front of Sachsenhausen and other means, but this is not the issue. The issue is that these possibilities for completed and monsters as you see today in films such as »Golden Voyage of Sinbad», «20 Million miles to Earth »,» the worlds three Galiver »and» the mysterious island », aware that the wonderful effects is that you realize that they are not real, however you like and the slow movement is natural because they are monsters with heavy traffic and not, as the case in films today is moving at speeds of light in order to create Alirhejp fast. Such as «Oڤatar» this movie in three dimensions. Unlike film, James Cameron, these dimensions are not an achievement in itself, but a ploy to sell more tickets at higher prices than the version with two dimensions. Film images, like many of the films they see in three dimensions, one camera and as usual, but was later exchange about three million dollars on a computer program that will create the third dimension of illusion. Of course, if this illusion integrated (and film and they are all beautiful), it would be no need to mention, but the result is that lie is a problem as long as you see the film glasses. Scenes shiny day and night dark and all the luster and Alrkanp located in a non-normal. The solution is to take off the glasses of your eyes, as I do normally, and you enjoy the film dimensions can be seen and enjoy it more, which is already known dimensions. It is a step fully commercial for Sam and Ortngton. Not to «Oڤatar» film was technically, but at least it was Ortngton a personal message with our own today, even though it revolves in the distant future. Here is in the context of the distant past without a message. Pursues a series of monsters which stand between him and overcome the gods Hades and its evils, but this is not a job but he seems comfortable and confident without being in the movie data is a necessity. Such as personal character of this warrior of more natural to be concerned and troubled Bel Calendar. Enough that the enemy is the one in the name of Kraken, but perhaps the satisfaction of knowing that he will be able to raise the wages immediately after this film. Who knows? In any case, Sam has a well-attended and French director Louis Terje knew how to make a film together in the end, Sam and Ortngton one of the reasons for this consistency, especially since the story does not follow a straight line or backgrounds have the dimensions 0 Rating: 2 / 5 