Movie Name: ANTICHRIST | Lars Von Trier against Christ: a horror film without horror has ideas wasted in the beginning, the address is 0 Not chosen Danish director Lars von Treijer title in vain. However, there are few who caught it from the perspective of the meaning or the hypothesized relationship between him and the film English word (and the whole movie in English) the interpretation of biblical meaning »the Antichrist«, but a researcher from the application of the word on the film will not find mention in the same range of hypocrisy. Therefore, the literal meaning of the word, a »against Christ« is the one who solves a more natural description of the film precisely because it (the movie) talking about a situation contrary to religion and the concept of heaven and the concept of divine self After the title ("against Christ" Directed by: Lars von Treijer) the word introduction, the scene of the naked man and a woman make love. Medium long shot. High sense of fun. There is a healthy normal life between two people do not know, at first glance, of them. Interrupt the director of a child wakes up in another room. Easily come down from the bed and walking steps faltering. Cutting mutual between him and the two men. Dot the edge of the window and opens it, and then drops them. In the accompanying achievement of lovers Ncutema 0 the first address after the introduction is Grief the first address is: sorrow Pain Title II: Pain to the side of the English word two words two functions in parentheses are the Chaos Reign chaos control Despair Title III: desperation Genocide and beside it in parentheses: genocide, then there: Conclusion 0 Between all occurrences of the title and the last part of the events connected with what preceded and what caused it. This movie is divided into chapters vary without a chapter on the last in the place except for the transition from the introduction to Chapter I, and between the third quarter and Conclusion male and female, the way in which it was written address significant 0 In American cinema a few years ago used to write horror movies where the walls break characters and deviate and - usually - what type of blood used in the film David Fleischer »seven«, but the film was not horrible, but in the dimensional concept of the word, but it was a film Tchoukie policing. I do not mean that Fleischer section film into chapters, but we all recall how the killer in the film (later to discover in the character of Kiڤn Spicy) leaves at the crime scene word describes inspired by the names of the seven sins, which Lust Lust Gluttony greed Greed Greed Sloth Sloth Wrath fret Envy Envy Pride vanity but in horror movies based on the physical torture, including Hostel, Hostel II, Saw, Saw II And many of the films of these cloned Asalstin available on CDs, write addresses on this as used in the »Antichrist«. Ruby red, a troubled and broken line characters. This does not mean that »Antichrist« horror movie, but if we add e atmosphere and a number of scenes in which the body has to hurt, and when to look where you are located where all the events (Cottage lies in a forest isolated) and taking into account the evolution of events in Chapter bakacad bakacad, the film which is not horror film is a physical torture, which is based upon a faction of the horror movies U.S. such as those mentioned titles above 0 Von Treijer uses the techniques used by the cinema must very end of the 0 is the embodiment of the world is in itself alarming. Inspired Balepeshap and misery, all this without seeing most of the time, only those representatives: is (Willem Dafoe), a (Charlotte Ginpsorg). Also write prescriptions that the director chose not to give them names, mundane. Is a female, and said that enough birds 0 After the introduction, which contained a scene of women is falling apart at the cemetery and to propose her husband later to go to Aden, a name which Itlkana on the forest where they have the cottage, the film cuts to that place. Go long on foot because the place is isolated and cut off and will not listen if you hear the voice of the forest nature. The river, in the first scene to him, without rale. A forest without birds sing (there are crows) and while above the camera from place to look to the future find that this forest is part of the largest forest is endless. Do you still, which is, on the surface of the earth? To determine, there is one scene where we hear Tgarrid birds. This scene with the beginning of Chapter II: is sitting in the woods near the cottage. Sound of birds is heard. Is out of the hut, smiling. She says him that she feels happy. Is has nothing to comment on it. Get angry and accused him that he does not care about her. Start with anger. Disappearing songbirds 0 votes it at that moment a human being, before and after is .... Consider the word devil. Consider the word ... Against Jesus 0 When arrived at the cottage collapsing case of a wife that they were affected by major depression, being (as we know later) I saw her son slip out the window, which signed them. Suffer from depression and a sense of remorse and is implicitly comparing the joy and the loss of her daughter. Prevailing simplify the matter to say about it is their desire to pay for sex. But her sexual located on the screen after the introduction and is not. In other words, we do not know her, or her husband, everything. We can not from one scene (a scene first practice, even if they occurred in the bathroom) to draw something about their lives, emotional or sexual or personal. Later, when high temperature is generally emotional, sexual and specifically, that the result of emotions and fear Almmeltap lasting psychological discomfiture 0 sex with Freud, who says in the film to her husband that he died, is the motive of life. She wants to live after witnessing the death of her son. Film, and we must allow ourselves to this view, is not written perfectly Darling in all of its components that lead to one conclusion. Shortening is written for insurance and unifying all these elements results in a conclusion that suffer from fragmentation and poor pain assessment 0 WIDELY Take the following example: If »is« I saw her son is in the process of death (as the film reveals to us in two subsequent to the cats before the end), they consider themselves guilty, of course, and this explains why turbulence. There is nothing wrong. But in the use of this combination is another possibility: She did not see her son crawls to his death, but later you think it did so based on the collapse. If I have seen already, if any of these very filmmaker, it deliberately adopted a simple trick to many movies which detail certain delay (see here for her son and disrespect) to answer the question supposed to film it remained Left Pal viewer. If we had the overall design for the bedroom where the child, and the bathroom, where she signed a practice it is difficult, if not impossible to be able to be watching him all the time. Even though I have seen the phenomenon goes a distance from its point of view (she was on her back then) they can not see it for more than half a meter, for example, then disappear for the destination. It would be natural to not know, do not guess, it Setslq chair put it to the edge of the window and open the window and throws himself, including 0 This is the first weakness in the floor of the film but the director builds upon all his works. Even if there was a different interpretation of all this, it is interpreted based on the theory and intent are not registered on the screen as a recording elements of what we consider to be vulnerable here 0 Is the start of trying to control her husband in a complete repudiation of nature trying to return everything on logic and science (is a psychiatrist at the base) and in the insurgency and trying to adapt his teachings to become sexually just a fun tool. AC is a donor be in order to return to someone female, offending and tired, and quickly after the devastating 0 Sthoy manliness of her husband on a large stone. Shout of pain and miss the sweeping and consciousness. Member will be kept between her male and a massage until it explodes blood rather than semen. Stthagb leg on the one hand and put her thumb in the hole, and then - away from the camera - Sthacr rod of iron, and graduating from the other side of the leg and showing the Doba heavy metal to prevent it from movement. After that, in retaliation of the same line with the frenzy is inhuman, the process of circumcision, using scissors to cut the organ of sexual 0 on to say that film, and regardless of whether he went to him some of my colleagues, that there is no one among all the images that depict any sexual organ is no reason. This is not the product of a moral stance, it has nothing to do the assessment here, but the product of the same language film 0 First, there is a scene in which the male member and women in the first scene for them. The link between cats in the plenary are sufficient basis to find out what is happening and how it happens 0 there later the man's masturbation scene after being hit (and stay upright member) until the blood it explodes. It's not a useful thing, regardless of whether it is possible. This is because the wife does not know in advance what was going to explode from a member of men (semen or blood) and is not meant to know that it is not likely to experiment, but appeared to be doing that voluntarily and without very related to anything, and after a surprise strike is itself sufficient to explain crazy. Scene III, which does not need him in this regard is the scene cut to genital (call it what you want I ashamed of anonymity explicit). I'm not specifically against the scene, for its connotations, but against the detailed snapshot, because it does not belong, as its predecessors, to the language of art. Here it is approaching the film from horror movies Altavebi Von Treijer intended or not intended. It seems most likely that he intended with his load at the same time the research component of the human person, religion, heaven and hell, life and death. However, due to failure on paper, and then failing in the formulas for the translation on paper, fell into the allegation of serious and ended up heading to the fabrication of the most donated Andre Tarkoڤski film which is superior to that guides the film of the ideas fail in the transition to the values of technical 0 Aden is not a paradise of course is incorrect. Often in films iPhone Treijer is as well (the movie was Getal and the photographer is Anthony Dodd Mentel which photos »Slumdog Millionaire« The pictures of Von Treijer his films since »Dogville«) and many other are not as well as it depends mostly on whether the film belong to the school of dogma or not Health is a necessary condition for this film, but this situation is a true technical achievement, but what can be given depth is what it is fed by the Tsrdh. While the image when Tarkovsky is poetry, art and, as he says, carving in time, here are the technical settings do not always meet and implications of the scene. As the scenes of mutilation that are outside the bands technical and necessary, the relationship between the director and the place is not an aesthetic or poetic, but, as a matter of the film, anti-nature in this film is the relationship between unintended. Eden is not paradise and not the beauty of nature and life is not a divine gift, and women are the major deception. But Von Treijer in his speeches about his characters confirms that with women and not men. But if this is true (which is true to some extent), it is not reflected in this film about the match and say this. Charlotte Ginsburg here the source of evil. The writing here does not know how to shop in a manner that is subject to analysis: is the same distance from losing her mind, and human transformation into a monster. In the first aspect that will make the psychological state and the second side will turn this into a personal horror. The film is not determined what they want, offering the two sides in the sequence of a good programmer is 0 if, for the detection of pre-incident loss of her child. He said the child an opportunity to say here that one wants to adopt a thread appears at the beginning of the film: the child falls down while smiling as if he was flying on a magic carpet. It's as if used, by design, the concern of his parents with love, to escape from a life does not want. In this, if true reading, commenting only on the secular state of the world today, 0 if the matter is that women in the position of the center J between the psychological state Miwosp and personal evil - scorch utensils, the man is the victim (as opposed to then do not »Dancer in the Dark«) building of the attempts to deal with his wife, even if that treatment incorporates the hidden his desire to Whipping Rh them what gives rise to a conflict emerges of hand when a woman loses the distinction between reality and fantasy, w m Whipping consequences on the same Palmt Lq, w m of building on what is happening to him from the torture w M the scene bad been made when the same leg and Almatt Lübbe and Guba Almt to a hole hiding. There detects the presence of crow (or raven is found) Vezak crow while looking for his wife so he Takmayor strange sense of comedy and where the director is not intended to occur and the difference between this sense and that which haunt the scenes of terror when he sees making Stanley Kubrick in The Shining Is the difference between the indiscriminate beatings and creativity considered 0 Kubrick / Bergman / Pasolini there is a convergence between this film and the film Kubrick on the other hand: in »Antichrist« assaulting women after the transition and her husband to the forest isolated, »Flashing« (1980) reaped the pair after moving with his wife and his son to a secluded hotel. And imagination, who plays Charlotte in the header Ginpsorg not far from the one who plays in the headphone jack Nikoloson. Ultimately kill the man his wife in »against Christ« and cause accelerated death of the wife in her husband »Flashing« 0 Treijer film does not mention any of the many films Tarkovsky. Is not sufficient to scenes of silent snow pouring or of the forest silent to borrow from the exit genius, but Inhol this film to remind »Scenes from a marriage« to Ingmar Bergman in terms of a combination addressed to life after marriage, religion and death in the Trinity Daum Bergman presented in his films 0, but Bergman did not go, do not in that film, nor in others, to the same kind of scandalous sex scenes. He had certainly love scenes, but the love that reflects Ortala of feelings and not based on the translation of the meaning of one to revealing sexual intercourse. In a scene has connotations, and is almost a distinct Treijer to see the couple make love under a large tree (oak tree), where the roots are evident from under the hands of the thirsty to love but that also stays within the perspective of surreal in the film moves from box to the other all the time 0 Sarmini critic Salah was the only one, at least in Arabic, which was discovered nearby »Antichrist« Film Pier Paolo Pasolini »Oedipus Rex« (1967) as the beginning of each of them. Pasolini in the film there is a child sees occurring among parents make love to the balcony, even if it does not count them. Oedipus complex, complete with colleague, sneak into the depths of the father and mother. And may I add that this reading is possible because the men in the film is not affected as much as women are affected by the non-operative dialogue here is the hidden reason to blame the woman for a man on what happened. This problem of writer / director, which touched many things that is not selected. In this regard, preferring to appear as if the article is the basic act of contrition and Thazb desire to control each other and sexual obsession, who owns a women is what makes the viewer react heading to what the director would like to put more than others 0 Rating: 2 / 5 