Movie Name: The Twilight Saga: Eclipse slim line of this series is how the youth will decide the champion of the movie stick fangs in her neck, with the possibility that the two young men are more interested in each other, sometimes Finally, in Part III of the serial film that wants to be terrifying and romantic all the time, decided to Bella (Kristen) the marriage of Viopi (Pattinson) young man who you love and know that he loves her and also learned that half of girls who attend the movie Ihbpinh also. It is true that his only problem with that is supposed to keep him a bachelor for life is that it exceeded the Vampire percent year-old, but showed, in previous films, pure love her and to prevent them harm. But there is another vampire wants for himself is Jacob (Taylor Lautner), who love other half of girls do respond to him? I asked myself then denounced the idea, even in the community of vampires there any honor .... Is not it? But there is a problem is that if she marries a vampire it shall, according to the Charter of the community of this bunch, that allows it to each other. Bite married. Do not bite do not get married. Also of the conditions of society before us to consider vampire Siedha for women in particular. Gaze does not carry meaning, such as prying who are waiting for Godot. Do not ... Sorry, came to me now to tell me to look Odessa thrown out by each of Robert Pattinson and Taylor Lautner Kristen Stewart on lest they forgot what they'll say it. Either that or they wonder why it looks more attractive in spite of all their masculinity by trying to plot: the muscles and open shirts and the issuance of a proud and ... Glances. Rather, representation hair looks beautiful and wandering. To be the development of an award for best nomad if 0 and Kristin is not the only female in the film. If married Pattinson, as indicated by heart, they will turn into a wolf so do not eat wolves, will Victoria (Bryce Dallas Howard) attack on the innocent. How to deal with the new situation and her father, Sharif, who is trying to know is that a predator that kills relentless sons of his hometown? What will be the case when double the number of victims if his son joined the herd, bringing half of them did it? He does not know anything about future plans, but one of the Alafifin and clean and because it is over forty, you will not find one girl between observations pity him. The public with the killers this time 0 is much that is displayed in this film is about sex without clarification directly. Not that the scenes without the sixth years of age will lose sight of the meanings of this tale of a girl who they are confused between two young virgin and one cool (Pattinson) and I bakacad hot (you need them together) and not that there will not know that the fangs symbolize things The other, but there is a side issue related to Pfiopi and Jacob, they consider each other faq t of time as if the interest including the face off and recede Sitholan to close friends. One of the scenes in exchange recently the subject. One says to another "not for the evil you to love you" ... Is this yarn or remorse or sale of Kleenex tissues confused in any direction they would like his mother in the sexual life? And without disclosing whether the resolution will be implemented Frobi to marry or not, the character here drawn to resemble fully envisaged when teenagers watch this movie. Every look, every gasp, every Thoughts are designed to reflect what touring in the minds of any teenage girl. Director David Slade knows this, production will not let him touch the cat and one without this agreement. If followed to complete the series now realize that it is those films that can not be implemented only to the director to intervene in them to wander away from it. A series of successful without a doubt, all these silly reasons, the first film is "Twilight" directed by Catherine Hardwicke, who completed $ 392 million, and the second "New Moon", directed by Chris Etz, completed $ 710 million. If I saw three, one after the other you will find that the template is the same, not only for the subject and required of him, but also for the implementation of the broad lines. All that different from the Slade ex-directors is that use camera phones (and often shaky) than used by previous films 0 Rating: 1 / 5 