Movie Name: Halfawin: or bird surface Directed by: Fred Boughedir major roles: Selim Boughedir, Mostafa aggressive, Rabia Ben Abdallah, Mohammed Driss, Fatima, between the happy, the beauty of Sassi 0 social drama | Tunisia --1,990 adopts the film and point of view of his hero in defense of freedom against constraints religious and social, but the hero of the movie is still a minor and personalities module makes the task of questioning the focus of the film 0 The question that lived long ago in Bali that I watched the film a unique Boughedir "Halfawin" in production is whether you are wronged when considered Tjeira to put the theme rather than believe in his case. It is not easy question, and when I wrote about once acceptable proof t watch it, I mentioned how such scenes of women in the bathroom with the bold T suggested the subject of the boy who wants to extend past Z barrier and becomes a man Mtarafa the opposite sex in an urgent need, do not leave in the self-feeling that here is a desire to review and therefore take the exploitative aspects of the film considered flaws Uwayt Rhaa on this basis rather than to seek to understand and deal with it within a balanced view 0 Seen the second, after all these years, have proved what I went to him from a belief in the previous time she reasons of film and public art make it so impressive he received when he went to the Hotel the first time, the outcome of an emotional and feeling bold and necessary, more analysis of the actual composition of the picture and lack of writing, especially in terms of The main character 0 Appointed as director Boughedir words screenwriter Nouri Bouzid Altabooat which Thishimha and want to show that the faults of one's sins, but not as much as what he considers society as well. To be sure to open the bathroom Tunisia and leave the camera pick up the bodies of naked women, but a few of the garments of infrastructure or transparent clothes stand out more than they conceal. It is the bathroom which is still hero of the movie Nora (Boughedir sound) is still frequented with his mother in charge of the complaint despite the fact that the bathroom light in the twelve years of age - Age embarrassment to women Nora and at home alike. But his mother, without apparent reason, only her love for her son with a female name, insists on it. Nora enters and eyes Tbesbesan on the bodies of women and their breasts and hips in and out of the bathroom to tell his friends who are unable to enter what he saw 0 The issue is that Nora opened his eyes to the world of Iosrh is aware that the world is linked to loping following that should be a transition from boyhood to manhood. The film does not have much to say outside of this topic. All the events that are coming in about Nora, sex and the boy ways to get it. His father's strict in this regard and see the boy in contact with the women of the house (the mother and aunt and maid orphan) is reason for caution and the opposition. Rapid reaction against this father and his teachings is what is betting the movie him and reaping those who interpreted the question as put to the subject is committed to responsible openness about sex that is right for all. This proposal, in fact, is not present, although it is not present must also be true narrative consists of securing all the motives and reasons and the exclusion of a position cartoon, which has not been baptized him director. On the contrary, all the characters that you see life from the perspective of good light including Alskrgi Salih (Mohammed Driss), which reflects the intellectual political deportee. All the characters who oppose it are ready to chew cartoon film in the irony, including the father and the Sheikh. When access to the Sheikh, the picture is ready: Mtobt arm of ignorance and the Salafis and sees all the mixing is suspicious calls to intervene with the father teaches his son to some of the assets and the father responds 0 Even if we consider these models are thus, exist as presented here, which is also necessary, the Secretariat requires investigation about what form the image: Are all the goofy Sheikh? Are all the tough father? Are all the cultured drunkard? Then what are these stereotypes that the movie seeks to take them forcibly for monitoring and realistic analysis of the real environment? Error is that the film prepared to stand behind a light all the time, whatever the price. And the price is to portray the Islamic environment in the light because it is right in the face of patterns clipped by the director and writer of the society as if it were wholly an expression of him, there are various other models. Also, the issue at its core is not very far from the position of the father: True. Risk of deviation boy in that age by mixing with women (Nora does not care about playing a lot with his friends do not sit with men) is high. Of course, the way calendar father to his son may no longer be acceptable, but even that is becoming acceptable in turn enhances the film to be exploring more angles to prevent the ready and cartoonist of presentation 0 In addition, there is no building of the characters in this scenario. Each character is what the movie starts. Development Mentm to how the scene will lead to others and not according to the analysis even on a personal level. Problem is caused by the writer Nouri Bouzid (which was probably written some aspects of the story Ayesh) wants a boy still can enter the women's bathrooms (heat picture of the social balance and the propaganda film first), so the light is the son of twelve years of age. On the other hand in. Twelve-year-old could begin the dream romantic but he will not gearing up to become a man, because the means of nationality of that is not available to him two years before that date, including information which selects is stored (control of his parents or read magazines or books, or - today - to see what his eyes could reach him on the internet). Therefore, the writing, to the side of it is not based on the premises to justify her first actions, it must find a contradiction itself: an early age can light him go to the bathroom, and the desire of the top of the data that age to be a railway which will run the movie it all the time 0 If the director spend more time to overcome these limitations and decided to move away from the mosaic server for daring taking advantage of exciting information, and to give figures against their right not to be exceptions easy, came out the film deserves to be presents itself as an issue 0 Rating: 2 / 5 