Movie Name: 2012 champion Aymeric wants all people to survive ... But the Arabs as well? Directed ‮: ‬ Roland Aymeric ‮ | ‬ representation ‮: ‬ Kyuzak John, ‮ ‬ Amanda Peet, ‮ ‬ Hiotl Iigiofor, ‮ ‬ Oliver Platt, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ Danny Clover ‮ 0 ‬ Fiction ‮ [‬ the end of the world ‮] | United States ‬ ‮ (‬ 2009 ‮) | ‬ written specifically for the cinema ‮ ‬ ‮ | ‬ colors ‮ - ‬ 35 mm ‮ | ‬ 158 d film number: 215 of the critic this year 0 I saw this movie forced me twice. I was pinned between the two films also in the Special Offers: A Couple Retreat bad and the best three "Invictus." The second month after its launch week on business and this is seen upon which I base my opinion below because I am in first you're tired and Gary did not stop to explain the movie to his wife, who does not know English and offers pressure was high. What prompted me to I just do not want to decide on the level (you're essentially gave him two stars of five as is the case here), but the investigation in a reference cited by the Secretary-Predatory upper colleague suggests that the film provided the Kaaba of mass destruction. Note how I missed this the first time, I asked myself as I was driving my car to the hall showing the movie in the final week and I am relieved that the number of customers was no more than two women sat far apart, where there is no hope in any gossip 0 Aymeric new film about the end of the world (have been destroyed in advance of New York and parts of the United States and the world in the previous films) offers us the failed novelist Jackson (John Kyuzak) who works as a driver with a special billionaire Uri (Zlatko boric). The earth started shaking after he scored a center for scientific observation in India in 2010 indications that the world will witness serious trouble. This monitoring will be undertaken in the United States the world Adrian (Hiotl Igiovor) In India, his friend Lama (or Henry), which puts us what that means risk. Leap to the year 2012, the planet is moving us as he pleases. Earthquakes, fires, volcanoes and Jackson transfer his ex-wife (Amanda Peet) and their children as her boyfriend to a secure site and happens by chance that this friend has the experience to fly planes and it would not have continued to film after Deghigueth forty, and a small plane landing Vistqlan big one owned by Russian Yuri go to China where they were building big ship in a matter of two years. All this with a rotation with the story of Adrian, a convey his warning to the American president (Danny Kloڤr) with an attempt to head the White House team (and the President of Adrian direct) the exercise of its powers and its decisions even when the error peak in the last half-hour when Jackson Adrian meet and what a coincidence they met earlier and cooperate together to save the remaining inhabitants of the earth is alive Americans are the bad guys are dealing with the Arabs. This is one of the dimensions of the silly new movie Roland Aymeric continuing to destroy the world, but on his own terms. Save those who want to die and who wants and tries to divide people through it to the heroes and thieves as it pleases 0 The scene is while going through two Arabs (They did not forget to wear distinctive Zehma) entrants to the new Noah's Ark, which was built to transport survivors to a new world. Justifies the Chairman of the egg white Carl (Oolڤr Platt) to Jackson, hero of the movie that these are funds that helped build the ship to escape. The ongoing debate was about to allow hundreds of thousands of ordinary citizens to enter the ship like Bakulp that she could. While the opportunity was available to put up points, underlying rift over history between those who have and those who do not have among the lucky ones and others from the director decides that the Arabs would be on board that ship they bought with their money entering the eighth. For this reason alone, not because it is their right, as others, to join the survivor component. Decides also that, in the same breath, racial and class which holds that Western leaders have hearts washed powder Tide of the intensity of whiteness nothing to do with abusing the ongoing citizens of this world and no wars raging, face a so abominable American Carl demanding to open the doors to asylum to escape, expressing their position on humanitarian who does not "beyond reasonable any doubt 0 And Carl, that the U.S. is not evil as it is calculated so as to ensure the safety of those on the ship. So has the point of view unacceptable, even in a limited extent, it must act immediately or face the risk of drowning. Thus, the villains do not exist at all in that film. Even billionaire Russian figure provided by the film material typically ugly, die after a heroic security for his two young sons survive sacrificing himself (though in his death as the punishment of the concept of live and die by order writer - director) 0, of course, the hero of the film is the one who will save everyone. Segud in part with water from a sunken ship to address what prevents the ship from one of the gates closed until the vessel can navigate and ... Will succeed! Will try to director Roland Aymeric to complete a film better than its predecessors and ... Will fail! This is because of his irrepressible will to address the emotional naive used instead of a dramatic sound that comes new to the safe combination: A Journey from A to J must succeed despite the myriad of risks 0 This film belongs to the art of "last minute" Every threat to our hero is overcome at the last minute of the first Jackson realized that the world breaks down into when saved humanity: to catch up with air, land subsidence under the car or plane for a moment before taking off. The collapse of buildings and bridges located only implemented when Jackson and his family from danger. All the doors closed if the intervention of the various characters in the film anywhere intention, etc. ... While the techniques used is not to blame, but they are empty packaging for the film, but of those dimensions Alvasrp. Not only for the case of regret that the Arabs be able to join the new world, but also in the division of relations, according to the colors. At the time President of the Republic American black (similar to the time of Obama) is the disaster and his daughter, the beautiful (Tandy Newton) will not fall, but in love with the world black (Ibjeefor) who does not find the safest, but with it, therefore, even if the world is going through Bsaath last, the division of the likelihood of more life and breeding for it to remain limited to the classification of skin color Rating: 2 / 5 