Movie Name: Network | Sidney Lumet is not to call Howard Bill squandered in vain, but that the film who stood, apparently, to the side of the knock-criticized economic and political interests and warning of the occupation of an Arab-American looks today as it appeared yesterday, the imagination of the excessive and hostile intent cynical 0 .... .................................................. . Folded years ‮ ‬ cry Bill Howard ‮ (‬ John Finch ‮) ‬ people calling for the closure of the TV ‮. ‬ while stopping at the scene ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ crows in the scenes in his home ‮ ‬ ‮ (‬ ‮ ‬ scenes of any TV in the home ‮ ‬ ‮): ‬ ‮ "‬ ‮ ‬ I want you to go to the window ‮. ‬ ‮ open the . ‬ extend your head out and scream ‮: ‬ I'm mad as hell, ‮ ‬ and I will not take any more that ‮ "‬" I want you to go to the window, open it, stick your head out and yell: I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore. " As ‮ ‬ sitting most of us these days to watch downer, ‮ ‬ backward, ‮ ‬ trivial or ‮ - ‬ simply ‮ - ‬ Lahiya, ‮ ‬ the cry of Howard Bell valid because we release we and the world today, more than any ‮ ‬ day before ‮. ‬ but the problem is not here ‮. ‬ ‮ ‬ problem is that the appeal is true but the motive is not so ‮. ‬ or at least not a true picture to ensure that the goals of Thidh ‮. ‬ 0.1 scenario ‮: ‬ Bill Howard ‮ (‬ Peter Finch ‮) ‬ television commentator ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ station in ‮ (‬ fictional ‮) ‬ name ‮ ‬ UBS ‮. ‬ Howard has a program that shares descend ‮ ‬ threatens to stop the program and threatens Howard drainage ‮. ‬ ‮ ‬ early in the film ‮ ‬ travel and station manager Max Schumacher ‮ (‬ William Holden ‮) ‬ to the pub where ‮ ‬ drinking until sugar ‮. Both ‬ ‮ ‬ frustrated in his work and two ‮ ‬ witness the new orientation of the television station that worked there ‮ ‬ ‮ .. ‮ ‬ ‬ in the next day shows ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ Howard in his program, promising viewers ‮ (‬ after informing them that he was expelled from his ‮) ‬ suicidal before their eyes after a week ‮. ‬ brings all the media attention of this declaration and the astonishment of the station, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ which was losing viewers turn ‮ ‬, ‮ ‬ find that Howard informed of the Revolution quickly became as on every lip and tongue ‮. In ‬ ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ next day re-emerge and Howard admits that what he said in last night ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ was not only the craziest of the situation that has reached ‮ ‬ television ‮. ‬ frankness and his call for viewers to live in ‮ ‬ reality and not in ‮ »‬ They ‮« ‬ television ‮ (»‬ you really are and not TV ‮«) ‬ stimulate two products in ‮ ‬ station are Frank Hackett ‮ (‬ Robert Duvall ‮) ‬ and Diana Christensen ‮ (‬ Fi Danawai ‮ ‬ ‮) ‬ to take advantage of the new situation and the success of Howard's new recruit to their own purposes and to satisfy Prime station Jensen ‮ (‬ Nad Betty ‮). ‬ but attack Howard ‮ ‬ extends ‮ ‬ depth Rules ‮ ‬ of the plant, revealing the great deals especially ‮ (‬ and confidential ‮) ‬ between the station and the financiers Arabs have Mvkrthm special ‮ ‬ not free, ‮ ‬ as warnings Howard, ‮ ‬ of desire to control the American media ‮ (‬ and thus political influence ‮ ‬ ‮). But Jensen ‬ ‮ ‬ Howard calls to his office and exhorting him in a long speech ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ Howard then come out a different ‮. ‬ In the following episode ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ retreat from his retreat and thus ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ shares what drives Frank and Diana, ‮ ‬ the affected from this regression, ‮ ‬ to kill him while he was ‮ ‬ offers one of the programs on the air ‮. ‬ in the end, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ director divides the screen into four images simultaneously and one of them ask ‮: »‬ no waiver? ‮« ‬ Why compromise? 0.2 Arabs scenes ‮ »‬ network ‮« ‬ her to do them ‮. ‬ but the film itself is not a quality that ‮ ‬ described by most critics at the time ‮ ‬ ‮. ‬ sight behind another, ‮ ‬ A review powers of the director and his representatives and writer Paddy Chaevski ‮ ‬ ‮. ‬ However, keep this viewer click above to get some film ‮ ‬ lacks a lot of logic and more of the artistic value ‮. ‬ ‮ »‬ network ‮« ‬ written for the film raises questions ‮. In ‮ ‬ ‬ Introduction outs how the TV turned to absorb the people and Ilhaoua them for follow-up to the most important concerns of life ‮. ‬ disguise the real needs and lured into a world of illusion that ‮ ‬ Iemih truth ‮. ‬ and all questions right ‮. ‬ She was right then and today has become more right ‮. ‬ in ‮ ‬ last ‮ ‬ was just the beginning of driven greed physical ‮ ‬ to acquire the largest share of viewers ‮ - ‬ thus ‮ - ‬ advertisers, and today has become a reality acquired already the largest proportion of the public, advertising and accomplished important steps in ‮ ‬ Empty ‮ ‬ people Culture ‮. ‬ transferred to a new kind of illiterate ‮. ‬ But ‮ »‬ network ‮« ‬ ‮ ‬ goes beyond that, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ or rather exploit this issue to serve another topic ‮: ‬ anti-Arabism ‮. Days ‬ movie came out, the Arabs emerged from the triumph of modern Israel ‮ ‬, ‮ ‬ albeit limited ‮. ‬ but before that, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ they started fighting the West pro-Israel means of economic and political ‮. Before ‬ ‮ 6791 ‬, ‮ ‬ spread the call to use oil as a weapon ‮. ‬ is not considered by U.S. policy and Western him any ‮ ‬ amount of appreciation or satisfaction and it was natural that Ttoh films several mostly deliberately to portray Arabs in ‮ ‬ dim light on the basis of the status of non ‮ - ‬ split over Israel ‮ ‬ then ‮ . »‬ network ‮« ‬ go so far as intimidation, waving an Arab conspiracy theory aimed at undermining American democracy and the recruitment of oil to influence the political decision ‮ ‬ and the purchase of television stations to influence the decision-Media ‮. ‬ loop tied back to Sydney ‮ ‬ Omit to in his subsequent ‮ ‬ ‮ »‬ authority ‮« ‬ Power ‮ (6891). ‬ There are three key locations ‮ ‬ presents the topic in the Arab ‮ ‬ ‮ »‬ network ‮«. ‬ reported one which ‮ ‬ warns the Howard deal Arabic ‮ - ‬ U.S. to buy the station and access to the U.S. decision, ‮ ‬ There are two other important ‮: ‬ scene we see the Diana volatility in ‮ ‬ newspaper says a spokeswoman for the help ‮: »‬ I have decided to Arabs raise the price of oil ‮ 02 ‬ percent other ‮ ... «‬ and then adds, describing the events of the day ‮:» ‬ a civil war in Angola ‮ ‬ ‮ ... ‬ and the other in Beirut ‮ ‬ ‮ ....« ‬ scenery and Arthur Jensen, ‮ ‬ station chief, a ‮ ‬ heading to Bill Howard, saying to him ‮: ‬ ‮ »‬ I have been involved with the fundamental forces of nature Mister Bill and I will not accept ‮. ‬ Is that clear? Do you think you stopped a business deal? This is not the case ‮. ‬ Arabs withdrew billions of dollars in this state ‮ (‬ America ‮) ‬ Now they have to again Eodaoha ‮ ‬ ‮. ‬ he tide ‮. Balance environmental ‬ ‮. ‬ You are a man Ajjur not ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ still thinks about the nations and peoples ‮. There are no nations ‬ ‮. There are no peoples ‬ ‮. There is no Ross ‬ ‮. There are no Arabs ‬ ‮. ‬ There is no third world ‮. ‬ There is no West ‮ ‬ ‮. ‬ There holiest system between systems ‮. ‬ and one large intertwined, ‮ ‬ cross, ‮ ‬ diverse, ‮ ‬ Nations is the control of a multi-dollar ‮ «. ‬ ‮ ‬ In the same scene ‮: ‬ ‮» ‬ that the global system of currency ‮ ‬ ‮. ‬ ‮ ‬ is the one who decides the backbone of life on this planet ‮. ‬ This is the natural order of things these days ‮ ‬ ‮. ‬ This is what nuclear ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ What is a non-nuclear ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ evidence in things now ‮. ‬ and you are harassed fundamental forces of nature ‮. ‬ Are you out of Mr Bell? Sitting in front of the TV measurement ‮ 12 ‬ inch boasting about America and democracy ‮. ‬ There is no America, there is no democracy ‮. There any ‬ ‮ ‬ B ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ or any T ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ T, and was brought ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ & T, Du Pont, ‮ ‬ Dow, ‮ ‬ Union Carbide and Exxon ‮. ‬ ‮ ‬ These are the nations of the world today ‮ «. ‬ As far as the dialogue real ‮ ‬ in ‮ ‬ Mahsalth terms of the situation investment ‮ ‬ and employment ‮ ‬ to Rosalmal, ‮ ‬ To the extent that ‮ ‬ reveals the coincidence of interests between the forces and economic systems, regardless of ‮ »‬ Nations ‮« ‬ and »Peoples ‮ «‬ and geographical locations and political, ‮ ‬ topic as far as the Arab ‮ ‬ tucked within the theory referred to ‮. ‮ ‬ ‬ in the seventies out Alan J. ‮. ‬ Bakula, ‮ ‬ which is the best way out of Sydney ‮ ‬ to Omit commonly used techniques for narrative and treated like him with conspiracy theories, ‮ ‬ films entitled ‮ »‬ volatility ‮« ‬ Rollover exposed to the withdrawal of the Arabs and the deposits of billions of dollars from U.S. banks to create disorder in ‮ ‬ system Economic ‮ (‬ and ‮ ‬ political accordingly ‮). »‬ network ‮« ‬ and »Authority ‮« ‬ and »volatility ‮« ‬ ‮ ‬ Ghazlt if on a single topic is a logical ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ It is not realistic in the parent ‮ ‬ ‮. ‬ At the same time ‮ ‬, ‮ ‬ Nad scene that Betty ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ cast a religious sermon-like speech before turning to the lines of a political nature of the above, ‮ ‬ which is the only scene in the movie of the Whole ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ between my house and ( late ‮) ‬ Finch, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ strong influence ‮. ‬ to Omit always been good in ‮ ‬ scenes unlocked Lund Betty ‮ (‬ which ‮ ‬ discovered in ‮ ‬ film John Boorman ‮ »‬ salvation ‮« ‬ as one of the four friends ‮ ‬ their journey in ‮ ‬ River wild ‮) ‬ resulting scene is truly and to convince and dumping of his dialogue was excellent ‮. ‬ No wonder that the scene ‮ ‬ remain long in ‮ ‬ mind for the scenes Idanip other spectacle Howard Bell, ‮ ‬ opens his arms and shouting ‮ »‬ Sihawwa I ‮ ‬ mad and will not bear more ‮« ‬ or scene Diana Christnson a ‮ ‬ exercise love with Director-General Max ‮ (‬ Holden ‮). ‬ .3 text munched this scene does not specifically ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ could pass transient ‮. Not because it ‬ ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ contains scenes of naked, or even exciting, but quite the opposite ‮. ‬ It's the scene love without love ‮. ‬ critic David Thomson noted in ‮ ‬ critique of the film then that Diana turned to Max, as a woman reached orgasm before ‮ (‬ if it never arrived ‮). ‬ and the composition of the scene is no doubt ‮ ‬ suggest that Max is already too weak to stand in the way ‮ ‬ against the ambitions of greedy producers also performed Danawai Fi ‮ ‬ ‮. ‬ man is human, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ belongs to the world of former ‮. ‬ system was more mercy and compassion ‮. ‬ also ‮ ‬ provides the scene on it is ‮ ‬ by ‮ ‬ holding the reins and the rhythm of sex, and most importantly is ‮ ‬ it as practice what they practiced with Max does not tolerate talking about numbers, business and aspirations because they do not love or feel love through the whole process ‮. ‬ Sydney ‮ ‬ to Omit mastered the scenes of this kind of procedure ‮ ‬ designed to ‮ ‬ reveals the figures obtained from screenwriter Chaevski ‮ ‬ and chewing and then Besgaha on its pages, ‮ ‬ dependent on the material points highlighted to the extent that the weak figures ‮ ‬ goes to the movie without impediment ‮. There ‬ ‮ - ‬ For example ‮ - ‬ fact that the character of Frank Hackett, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ performed as Duval, ‮ ‬ personal flat ‮. ‬ and the fact that Diana is not the depth of the single ‮. ‬ as well as the character Max started as one of the rare characters that require ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ sympathy ‮. Either personal ‬ Bill Howard, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ that was supposed to be a main theme of the film ‮ ‬, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ They are written without backgrounds ‮ ‬ and without realistic aspects of what ‮. ‬ It's just a presenter ‮ ‬ turns to the voice of the people sometimes ‮ (‬ there is the scene naive windows open and the cries of precedence and the revolution in consciousness ‮ ‬ prevail following a request by Max from viewers closure of television and open the windows ‮ ...) ‬ and is subject to data dominant at other times ‮. ‬ but all the representatives who played roles in the wonderful ‮ ‬ Tjseidathm and choices of translations Performing ‮. ‬ Film ‮ ‬ free of pain as a result of a situation ‮. ‬ ejected calculated figures ‮. ‬ treated uninspired or heart ‮. ‬ and attitudes strong ‮ ‬ no doubt found intermittent ties ‮. ‬ ‮ ‬ do not belong to the state of artistic expression at all, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ but only as is anger ‮. ‬ the capacity in which ‮ ‬ combine films Omit in ‮ ‬ that period and that ‮ ‬ you who have ratified the time, ‮ ‬ before ‮ ‬ turns me ‮ - ‬ after reviews of subsequent ‮ - ‬ it does not do more than insults ‮. Omit ‬ movies to indicate the error of its view ‮. ‬ ‮ ‬ frown on the faces, ‮ ‬ but it has nothing to do at the level of higher and more a matter of estimate ‮. Omit ‬ I have to flash it sarcasm, ‮ ‬ but without flash fun Bel much scar ‮. But ‮ ‬ ‬ keep his choices to subjects ‮ ‬ deems appropriate to criticize our neighborhood community and power at times and both often ‮. ‬ it was time to Omit critic system, ‮ ‬ but without offering an alternative or suggestion parallel ‮. ‬ to Omit also excluded the Jewish character of always ‮ ‬ anger aside Venhaha ‮. Suffice it ‬ ‮ ‬ figure here Max Schumacher weakest and most understanding of the main characters are all that ‮ ‬ appear dark shadow or dark ‮. ‬ enough ‮ ‬ here, ‮ ‬ and ‮ ‬ film writer and director and producer ‮ ‬ Jews, ‮ ‬ personality Diana Christensen ‮ (‬ Note the name of the family ‮) ‬ women ‮ ‬ heartless like tags that ‮ ‬ defines itself to a black woman saying ‮: ‬ ‮ »‬ hello, ‮ ‬ I'm Diana Christensen, ‮ ‬ racism a loop imperialist ruling ‮« ‬ respond to them, other ‮: ‬ ‮ I Lauren Hobbs, ‮ ‬ Negro communist vice ‮ «A badass commie nigger ‮ ‬ ‬ digging the scene, ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ that his dialogue is credible and many viewer dominates the film, ‮ ‬ groove between trying to tell the truth and the reality is ‮ ‬ heartbreaking sincerity of the criticism, let alone ratified trends ‮. Besides ‬ ‮ ‬ dialogue that reflects the value of play here, not cinematic ‮. Text ‮ ‬ ‬ Istsel way instead of reliance on the conduct and behavior ‮ ‬ it is that we got on each character instead of that ‮ ‬ leaves her drawing words not only create halos review ‮. ‬ Rating: 2 / 5 