Movie Name: GI Goe: The Rise of Cobra in the special offer. Does not have a special offer. Is not. No Way. Niet. Imbosibl. After discussion at the Paramount spent on this film only $ 170 million, decided to stand against the film critics in any case, did not cost them presentations? Behind this perception that America's critics will not like the film the recognition that the film badly to the extent that it should go directly to the public, and the critic if he or she wants to see it with people. Perhaps with people who are not affected by the degree of his mind and enthusiasm created by the scenes of Action and psychotropic 0 Let me remember. Young girls who were sitting at the last row that I sat where they were passionate about something else man, his wife and their son sitting in the middle in front of me three or four rows ... No sense in not even news Popcorn. The men and women Galsan behind the family, they are busy sending messages to telephones, which proved his eyes on the screen and entered the bathroom (or perhaps out inhale oxygen) and then returned two minutes later and ... Proven his eyes on the screen again. Or Ogamadhma WIDE (sorry Kubrick) 0 the rest of the audience could not know if they are awake or asleep. I did not hear a laugh or to suggest that none of them affected by including on the screen. What I write here is not a criticism but a comment on the photographs outside the film. Images within the film is not the kind that draws so as not to notice that the girl wrote all her friends, or that the young man and the girl exchanged kisses fell as much as in the film from the dead. I followed the ghost story is not trying to say something and succeed in this great success. Film such as »black hole« is located in the remote space at the last planet of the waste will join them this film and possibly pulling him director Stephen Sormarz. Or rather, this is my wish. When he did not Otgah »Mummy« did not liked it when out, "the Hlsing" or committed while "Scorpion King" is not the first nor the second. The only film in which it decided that Summers may have a talent evaluation was possible: 1 / 5 