Movie Name: Did You Hear About the Morgans? This is one of those films that loves critic that he dislikes, happy and the film do the impossible in order to meet him this desire is what makes the film more likeable not its attractions, of course, but for the sins written and directed by Marc Lawrence, about a couple separated for years are Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker. Each works in New York in two Tdran a lot of money, he is a lawyer and is responsible in the real estate company. One night while he was trying to reconcile between the two witness a murder. Wants to hide the police from the public eye to protect them from the killer on the assumption that the murderer will be pleased to Tsfithma Would I wish I saved a reaction to the lengthening of the film does not interest him. Solution is placed under the auspices of the town Sheriff in the city in the state of Wyoming. The town is still committed to the tradition of "Alaustrn." Ieodan lives there tinkering Moving to a small town and farm horses huge bear wants to erode the representatives in the flesh, it is only justified to re-discover the love that each of them it still holds for the last 0 From an advanced position in the film you can see the entire film and how Sangeli for his emotional, if you see more than one film per year, Watching the corresponding publicity for the film enough to uncover the story of the film and the main points and there is no effort to detour the sharp anywhere. Hero movie (Al Morgan) Sizaalan from each other here and agree together here and will be subjected to the risk of there and end the film has decided to return to each other, 0 and the film supposed to be an emotional but becomes naive and comedy but it seems like a fish was caught and is now trying to impossible to survive 0 But under the weight of make-up and attitudes is not successful and the concept of a snapshot of himself and shot her, there is a desire to disclose the meaning of value is that life in the countryside a better place to give you the opportunity to come to terms with himself and his past. In return for the couple who are suffering from the troubles of modern life and the complex (and description of the film) There are a couple are completely comfortable with Sam Elliott's role as a player man of law, and Mary Steenbergen who give the happy return of the married life. But this message does not allow it to materialize because the director was compelled to resort to cliche and behind the cliché of fear of losing his audience. It is probably now aware, fell dead in the movie box office, he was wrong accounts altogether Rating: 1 / 5 