Movie Name: Grown Ups Comedy | the best of this film for submission scenes and jokes toilets reflect the level of the best expression of 0 on after two rows and a few seats to the left of me, sat a man religion was entered before the start of the movie a few minutes, carrying with him his wedding feast: Bag Popcorn (larger) and Musharoppe preferred. I watched him as he sat wondering if the chair would have been tight, but I remember that movie that I can sleep in the offer if you wish. Something he should do after the first few minutes of the show for the fact that the man was the only one who laughed in the last ten minutes first, then a handful of viewers after a quarter hour, and then there was silence neither he nor the others laughed with the exception of the gift a surprise out of it as if his hand was trying to pull the laugh from within, but this was rejected out that this limit is 0 to film duo Dennis Dogn / Adam Sandler is poor. To the extent that the person who seems to be a believer Boflamanma, intrinsic film Caldakhl entered on the day, armed with all of his desire for fun, stop laughing and start Balhacrjp. Not that one had expected better than this, especially if they see the work of the director's favorite comedian Adam Sandler. Dogn His Brain Donors, Big Daddy, Happy Gilmore, You Don't Mess with the Zohan, in fact the film contained Finally, "Do not Mess Bsohan" the best. Granted a higher degree than the average when I saw a year ago and then returned them to the point when the average was picked up again to DVD. But it is still the best films of the director, if not for anything wrapped Because of a few scenes with some success. But all his work, without exception, are poor and mostly contains jokes come out from under the girdle. Competing in this he wants to be the worst in this regard often succeeded 0 At its best it seems as if this film was born in the evening. Each one threw the idea then was to gather ideas and write the script for her. Would be a waste of time of the search for a story, but I will try to Abstract: a group of friends were the basketball players met thirty years ago, on the occasion of the death of their coach, and then move from comfort to spend the holiday week 0 One of the scenes in the Adam Sandler tries to reverse the moment of hope in life He wonders whether his children will know the value of life now days, which may see them turned into prey to phone technology. But how will know the value of life if the cinema was produced such films? How the younger generation will appreciate the value of the highest and most important manifestations of brain damage if the batsman Sandler and his ilk produce films crawl on her belly in the apoptosis of laughter not only find a scene in which heroes of the film urinating in the pool and the movement of how the camera changes color depending on that 0 There is worse: the scene of the evacuation of the stomach to load one of these desperate people (Rob Schneider). Afraid to have the film in three dimensions or that the technology has reached to provide the ability to raise the film smells Vogamadt my eyes and made my nose until it passes the scene harmful to taste. The problem is that when you taste these essentially non-existent and the desire only to film makers is to escape mule rewarding allow them to stay for another film-making is cooking on the same way: lying ideas from every direction and the worst of which is finding its way to the screen 0 Rating: 1 / 5 