Movie Name: The Serpent's Egg Summary: Berlin 1923. Abel Rosenberg (David Carradine), lost his brother, who committed suicide and the police suspicious in that it caused his death, as in the crimes that fall in the neighborhood where he lived. Apple is linked to an affair with a prostitute and a singer name Manuela (Lev Oolmn) and within a week to discover that the night club singing, which is a nest of Nazis who have turned the secret rooms where-to-cell scientific use of human beings in their work reveals murder 0 Rating: There are a lot of the mistakes of the Bergman, this time, all gathered in that he was forced to abandon his kingdom Swedish to achieve his first film outside his country. Are not supposed to be a factor, but work with Hollywood in terms of traffic and heart damage caused by the IRS chasing him from the other hand, the impact on the choices. What seems to this critic from afar (it did not read nothing about the stage and the conditions that prevailed in the making of this film) is that the need for a global shift on the one hand and the need to preserve the advantages Albergmanip the other hand, disrupted the entire process. One of the problems is that the film wanted to record what took place in the twenties (Germany emerged from the first war, the tide began to Nazi etc ... ) From the viewpoint of a Jew is the same as risk. But the film fails, due to capacity and many Mpharqath likely to provide an eye witness and the hero's point of view. Something of a desire in the narrative outside the framework of psychological crises expressed the least amount of big events, the former blocked the desire to provide the story from the viewpoint of the victim. The result is that the film, looked like a good busy and productive such as the design and art, drama does not have the correct corner and lost in hero disorientation rather than being employed by him to an end. But the film argues directly and sometimes Squawked Alovdh and that the director was aware that the best expressions of anger and protest are those that take place in silence. Have been tried throughout his life and succeeded. When I wrote about film for the first time the Arab magazine was published from London at the time, and his grandmother tribute to the victims of the Jewish, but watch it again showed me that this greeting, and if any, but it is torn, such as a tribute by the owner not being sent 0 Rating: 2 / 5 