Movie Name: Fanny and Alexander Summary: Holiday birthday in the town of Sui, Alexander and his sister Fanny in the nurturing confines of a large family. Dies and their father and their mother marries a man from another, more severe. In their search for shelter tend to last Jewish family friend before returning Alexander and his sister to the confines of the family has increased in knowledge 0 Rating: Bergman what he said previously that this film is not an autobiography, but also stated that the film is inspired by the stage of a boy. In various conditions, like the autobiographical film that the director shall now wage heroic prosecuted (focus on boy Alexander) much of the sympathy and tenderness photographer roses Alosroe their actions on the ocean. The adult world Christian here on the variability between a pair or a strict (this is from backgrounds Bergman himself) and mother can not ensure happiness, has a fear of her husband, the priest and trader antiques Jewish (as played Orland Josephson) is a thing of dream and fantasy because it exerts some magic in his small house. Charm attracts the children to the world of fantasy away from reality. Film is larger than most of its business (ie excluding »cries and whispers« and »Egg Snake« in terms of event space and the quality of production) but it still contains all those Albrgemanyat special scenes reflect the crises to another sneak to the depth of the characters, and scenes reveal about the past and a sense of guilt to another where it seems Alexander speaks the same Mnajia. At a later stage interfere with fiction in the story occupied a larger area of the author of the biography or the like. Volexandr here wish the death of his mother's husband at the same night, a lantern in the room is the sister of Bishop crippling fire and spread in the whole house. The children's mother was able to awaken her husband in a timely manner but do not do. On the other hand, the concerns of Bergman other ancient ruins of the new re: doubts in the Almighty Creator, and his sense of guilt because he was excited to Nazism in the thirties, the attachment to the art of puppet theater and later. All in the elegant luster of the film Albergmani in terms of the details and dealing with the period Hdthia as expressive and attention to minute things and elements of production and the picture elements (landscape design, colors, etc. ...). Bergman here thus regain what was lost recently while those properties or »Snake egg«, for example. What is problematic addressing the debt on the grounds that the revolution in the same immersive Alexander expressed concern following the question posed. But by the age of Alexander the acceptance of the adoption of this film looks suspicious expression. Could for example keep those doubts on the table without adopting or portray Alexander as if it was at that young age realized his contradictory to religion. Also the value of religious discourse hostile to the idea of the existence of God (based on the character of the priest radical alone) subjected to vibration the case of Bergman to the Jew and his brother Ishmael, because the absolute rejection of the claims of the film does not include the rejection of Judaism also is, in the film, remains unacceptable and stage of the salvation of the soul tormented 0 Ratings : 2.5 / 5 