Movie Name: The Crazies Almkpulon Directed by: Brett Eisner first roles: Timothy Olyphant, Radha Mitchell, Joe Anderson Horror [United Arab Emirates --2,010] 0 No. movie from the beginning of the year: 32 crazy for no reason 0 With the version of 1973 film "Almkpulon" were not one of the best films that year, and pursuant to stop him plenty of viewers, including amateur horror cinema, but the fact that the film was the work of director George A.. Romero, who has long wanted to use the horror film as an occasion to talk about government, society and the collapse of Western civilization, as a result of political corruption and military, a feature about the bad films from that period 0 In that film, deliberately director known series "Biology - the dead," which revolves around Zumbez live on cannibalism after the collapse of the world as we know, to use the line narrative is simple: a military truck loaded with chemicals turn near the town in the American West to spread from the cargo and B prevents humans the killers without apparent reason. Romero did not care why because he wanted to condemn the military and the system as well as pictures of people without special makeup. Changes affecting patients psychological and internal do not appear on the skin Kkaroh or distortions. Maybe this was one of the reasons that has not seen the film in addition to selling it came less than an achievement at the technical level is also 0 After thirty-nine years old, the director pools Eisner ("Sahara" with Penelope Cruz) re-making of that movie for some unknown reason. Or, perhaps, without reason at Alit Laq Bistt remote that Hollywood wants to make a classic horror film in the hope of reaching an audience this kind of film bearing the name of the work of filmmaker and former followers, who has bushy T between amateur horror cinema, even as a quotation Eisner, for its part, does not carry all the fry mass in its best form, follow the exit conditions of the correct formulation of the film, which was achieved, but does not complete and are made by his new film, which proves that it clearly 0 Eisner in a copy which cost about $ 12 million and starring all of Timothy Olyphant and Radha Mitchell, following the Sheriff a small town in Iowa and his pregnant wife by working as a doctor at the only hospital in the town. Phenomena casual start falling together by the desire of people to kill others without justification at all. At the outset, make a man carrying a gun during a sports game and noticed Sharif (Olyphant) will descend to the field and ask him to throw his weapon. Does not comply with the man and getting ready to fire. Sharif preceded it and to the old fan dead and believed that the matter was ended at this point: drunkard months as a weapon and threatened the safety of others and had to be killed even if he felt remorse at having to do so. But the situation hesitate with others in various forms, including one burn his house to kill his wife and his son. What greets us Sharif and just before, is that there ڤirosa prevent crazy people to roam in the town to kill. The reason for the virus a military plane was carrying chemical experiments fell in the water nearby drink, including the people of the town. Some did not hurt (without justification to do so), including Sharif and his wife, and the majority had been contaminated, including Deputy Sheriff (Joe Anderson) who, in a timely manner, will sacrifice his life for the survival of their president and his wife, 0 movie moves to a new stage more interesting with solutions to the military who would be testing people to see who is polluter and who is good to live for after the movie. Rhythm rise slightly, but at the level of content, the military presence can not be refuted Bloom film limited its responsibility in the disaster. In other words, while the film Romero accused the military experiences and behind the U.S. policy disasters that engulf the Americans, this film depicts the virus has come from the military and tries to later comment silently on the mighty and devastating the small towns affected, but what is expected from the U.S. Army to do if I got like this disaster. Let it spread? At a later stage of the film the story revolves around three protagonists, but while Sharif and his wife is not still enjoying healthy enough, but the Assistant Sheriff to take suffer from lust murder is evidence of injury. What is happening in this framework fails to be important. Unlike the "road" or "Book of Eli" or "invaders Nahisho body", the work does not reflect a worrying future. Data stays within the film, which has a solution semi-happy in the end. Film for no reason about crazy for no reason also this film financing institution, "IMAG Nation" established by the General Authority Llt Agafp and Heritage in Abu Dhabi is the first of the supply of production (bakacad I entitled "The Revenge of fur!") My question is why? Why on a body of respectable position and intentions of the w Graduate rhyme to approve funding for a horror film class bakacad utensils? Or even a first-class if it happened? Do you order material? Film slipped to the centers meta quickly. Is to prove the existence of? However, proof of his existence and operations of his films? Or simply that the true picture of the meaning of the world are absent? Rating: 2 / 5 