Movie Name: Protector Drama [Nazi / Jewish] | Hannah was an actress and her husband was just an employee on the radio. Because of the Nazi Hui star and rising star Emile says 0 (Daniel Mark) to his wife Hannah (Yana Blukova): "I'm not doing what I'm doing for me," It does not confuse response to this statement, are partly true. The second section of doubt it's possible at least. Emile is the employee on the radio when the Czechoslovak army occupied the country, a Nazi replaced the first broadcaster in the insurgency that to his superiors and his decision to oppose the Nazi occupation. As for Emile, it is not a warrior, but people accept that the opportunities and take advantage of opportunities now available to film Mark in 2000 (after his second comedy entitled "Champions" in 2004 ) Go to where I went a couple of movies Eastern European before him the most famous movie Hungarian "Mafestu" [Istvan shabu --1,981], in presenting the story of collaborating with Nazi authorities, which do so under the justification of different believes it gives him an intercession and sufficient excuse to discover in the end it does not differ from any other collaborator may waive in the interest of a purely personal. "Brocctor" differs from "Mafestu" that the hero is not an artist wants to separate himself from the politics of art and a believer in the rule of purity, but just an employee have the opportunity to climb the ladder shall so what makes the subject of protection to his wife secondary. She was a famous actress and successful until the German troops entered Czechoslovakia and found itself isolated because of being Jewish. So some of what he is doing for it already, but others are beautiful because the success of events starting in 1942 to provide Emile riding a bicycle and set off out. We do not know anything about the background or what will happen to this scene, but the director as if it were provided by Emil in the race of life or death. There is a feeling reflected in the snapshots taken of the face and sometimes spin the wheels altogether the risk. But the director only so much due to five years ago, offering us the couple Emile Christian and Jewish Hannah. Flyers announcer is a famous actress you love and get rid of him. Emile feel jealous of the representative of the shared name is filming her new film Vanity (Jiri Oornst) but the wife reassure the faithful. Vanity, has caught the war fronts in 1938, is the representative of a Jew and he knows the danger the Jews face, so I will leave the country before it is too late is also advised to Hannah escape, rather, gives them a false passport in order to evade it. Hannah does not agree with and dispose of the passport. On the radio there is a position calls for converting the first broadcaster to investigate because of his anti-Nazi German armies had entered Czechoslovakia actually. Management requests from Emil to replace his colleague, asking that Bghamz fact marriage Emile from Jewish, but this does not need more than that to know that his fate and his wife, hinges not approving the post, but bow to the will be required to implement coverage of groups and occasions Nazi and praise for the leadership and the party . It does so in his mind of course, to protect his wife, but also from the door of his desire to climb career. He finds that a bonus multi-faceted start by responding to the appeals of the wife the next manager does not end with the fame of which have become attracted to other women 0 in contrast, find a wife itself isolated because of this situation. Emile asked not to leave the house in order, but they lead the cinema nearby administered adore the man named Peter (Thomas Macashk) where you can watch movies and live in the folds of the dream fade away. In a development that we see addicted to morphine provide it as well as drug addiction, which Peter had secured her, but one thing was keen upon, even after learning that Emile is no longer loyal to them, is to avoid a sexual relationship with the hall manager in spite of repeated question whether agree to it or not 0 But the psychological status is getting worse and her husband was locked in, even if that usefulness is restricted, and here is Peter enters the apartment in his absence to introduce his love again, but without response. In spite of everything Hannah is aware that her husband loves her and he was promised that the protected (the title). The present case, therefore, is transparent, humane and compelling case adds to the director in the background is the assassination of the ruling Nazi Heydrich (who in fact the title of "butcher of Prague), here entering the wheel of a scenes of the leadership of a new multi gestures as if Emile had been involved in the process. Everything in it that he was spent the night with the press in the morning the next day the bike was stolen by her grandfather in front of her home to catch Bmuadh with the boss, there to hear that General Heydrich had been assassinated and that the assassination fled on a bicycle with a bike that rode specifications. Here, but some time the director uses this line for much of the suspense, but the line is not necessary and do well as the pattern goes back to his research on the emotional disposition of the relationship between the couple and how the film ends with 0 A good movie to gather all the technical elements of solidarity, but at the same time is not reflected as an act of inevitable or distinctive, but maintains his humility technically and weave the fabric of the relationship mentioned slightly more than what should result in a repetition of some positions. Cause significant, even if it is also not free from holes, unconvincing and weak solutions contained in the scenario to some dead-ends. Production design to work well. All that is required to return to that period the economy of a good interpreter on the screen, in addition to the good and the selection of representatives for the championship Mtlaimin 0 Rating: 2.5 / 5 