The name of the film: the first secondary in 2000, Mohamed Abu Seif out a modest film about love. But the film community waited for him is that 0 is likely to be ‮ ‬ burden of high expectations placed on the Egyptian director ‮ ‬ Mohammed Abu Saif why ‮ ‬ films that moved away completely from films to recall his late father, Salah Abu Seif ‮. ‬ perhaps feeling Devin that the film community ‮ ‬ expected swordfish ‮ - ‬ son some of what we achieved Abu Saif ‮ - ‬ father, ‮ ‬ or perhaps his conviction on that he did not ‮ ‬ wants to ‮ ‬ belongs, ‮ ‬ film, ‮ ‬ to heritage of his father, ‮ ‬ but ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ wants to find his way to his heritage alone ‮. ‬ result so far is not rewarding, ‮ ‬ but promising ‮. ‬ Some of the problem is not ‮ ‬ falls within the responsibilities of the director, ‮ ‬ but the critical situation of the Egyptian cinema and Arab in general, a situation not ‮ ‬ exposed him director of late, ‮ ‬ give it the industry did not stop in ‮ ‬ days swordfish father and earlier, ‮ ‬ and Choices was always available, ‮ ‬ security and finance packaging choices Mr. Salah production elements appropriate to each of his films even stretch La bakacad Maninat ‮. ‬ ‮ »‬ first secondary ‮« ‬ reflects what has gone through the Egyptian cinema in a given period, where it was a great challenge and clear the directors who do not want (or can not) keep pace with motor execution and the concept of cinema Almasrn 0 Mohammed Abu Seif may have tried to resolve the confusion to achieve a modest substantial work at the ends as in the factors of production and work requirements as if it ‬ ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ wants to assure viewers it was not in the field ‮ ‬ comparison with others. On the other hand, the film of simplicity so that the director tried to instruct the difference from his father as well. ‬ nor ‮ ‬ field challenges raised more than ‮ ‬ wishes is accomplished and submitted ‮. ‬ It's about a man ‮ (Nur ‬ Sharif ‮) ‬ works in ‮ ‬ Museum and lives in ‮ ‬ villa he inherited from his grandfather, ‮ ‬ meet ‮ ‬ days Women, who can ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ him to fall in love ‮ ‬ ‮ (‬ Mervat Amin ‮). ‮ ‬ ‬ at the same time adopt ‮ ‬, ‮ ‬ even for a summer vacation, ‮ ‬ three children in ‮ ‬ the early years of youth ‮. ‬ The story from here with two ‮: ‬ The first is raging between the two personalities Alrashidtin ‮ (‬ want to know more about her, ‮ ‬ for isolation, ‮ ‬ his world ‮) ‬ and the second ‮ ‬ between the three boys and the man, ‮ ‬ Vohdhm rebel Odhu bad intentions clear when he attacks the son ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ woman who wishes to marry her museum staff ‮. ‬ and ‮ ‬ lines are intertwined more and more become a united ‮. In ‬ ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ Tolevatha that is fundamental aspect ‮ ‬ values of the film and its arguments ‮. ‬, rarely see a film ‮ ‬ provides an outlet for actors and characters in ‮ ‬ that early age, ‮ ‬ and the successful more than ‮ ‬ other ‮ ‬ of this work ‮ ‬ for the meeting contained between the characters mature and other ‮ ‬ is an adult and propositions ethical ‮ ‬ secreted by that meeting ‮. ‬ Most of the events taking place in the villa ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ live the hero of the movie ‮ ‬ but move to other sites a few ‮. Choices before ‬ ‮ ‬ scenario in this area are limited, ‮ ‬ but at least there are no such scenes tourist the review ‮ ‬ recourse to her many other films ‮. ‬ However, Abu Seif ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ seems as if it ‮ ‬ not sure the likelihood of the subject and its prospects ‮. ‬ Most of what we see in ‮ ‬ film is the director's reluctance to take advantage of those possibilities contained ‮. ‬ envisaged work style may ‮ ‬ mix it some Balicetkanp or traditional ‮. ‬ ‮ ‬ and the film pass without unity and urgency as if the director Ali Egypt ‮ ‬ mainstream joints Avenue as far as possible Fenrah ‮ ‬ tends to those rest areas comedy short ‮. »‬ Qfshat ‮« ‬ thrown on the road between now and then like someone looking for ‮ ‬ ‮ ‬ extra salvation to the subject is more important than believed ‮ ‬, ‮ ‬ so attractive to a general audience ‮. Rating: 2 / 5 