Movie Name: The Kids Are All Right Comedy | Julianne Moore moved from the night of lesbian love in the «Clio« s to the entire ... But in the end will return. So suggests this film all about gentle people! A few days before the Liberals applauded around the world to the Argentine government decision to allow same-sex marriage. Women from men and women from men. Not only that, but will be available for married couples to adopt children with each other. Unfortunately for my children grow up between the parents of the deformed Irushdanh distorted by another awaited him. Loya, unfortunately for the world ahead aggressively to fall in a hole as large as Mtahath. Are there no more thinking about the consequences of these things? News has to be solved highly appreciated film makers "Boys are fine," he is talking about two women living together and have a boy and a girl. How? But not the adoptive parent first vaccination 0, in the "fine boys", called Nick and carried out by the actress Anne Banning. Jules is a second mother, and performed by Julianne Moore. To life the fictional (those in which we live) both were represented straighten one lives with Warren Beatty since they were not still at the age of each be permitted to admire one another, and the second is married to director named Bart Vrondlish made five films I do not think anyone saw, although the latest was starring Catherine Zeta - Jones. Therefore most likely that the lack of offers in such Snehma a role in their choices these days. Fortunate to receive an offer from him to the back of the screen. This Imazl that both of the excellent talents in performance. Julianne Moore, in particular, have the capacity to raise the role of Msafha As we noted recently in the films represented by including the "uncle" and "Clio" 0 if we have Shakitin two women living together and have a girl and adolescent boy. Everything seems happy and stay happy. Remember in the movies you want to carry the message of the type pro for such cases, there are three no's necessary: can not be faulted abnormal, you can not laugh it can not be paid out of the price of what happiness is. Therefore happiness fluttering wings and Rdien over the family, even if it does not appear the girl Johnny named after the singer Joni Mitchell perhaps (Mya and Ajikoڤska we saw in "Alice in Wonderland") and her brother and his name laser, named after the device is likely to (Josh Htcrsen) they Ieban or that their future will be affected The emotional lives of mothers. So it seems strange that the search begins for a man who volunteered Balkaha intended to be acquainted with the 0 to be the interpretation I of the intensity of my admiration for the film and spirited him (Read vice versa) I allowed myself to restore the scene amuses me whenever I was reminded of the movie, comic Frenchman Jacques Tati walks into the shop to buy a tennis racket for the first time . And when it begins play against rivals adds movement of the hands of his own unnecessary, do not hit the ball only after the movement (even as I write what I write to laugh now) that are similar to moving the "ڤitas" Sterawan old car. To this extent you are tight with the events of this film that I vacated in this movie and you're ready for the other until I was struck that »boys fine« lacks some clarification: scientifically how the one man he can be donated vaccine and one in favor of the use of twice. Time with Nick and once with Jules, or maybe it is one vaccine to an entire generation still benefit from it while the story is ongoing. But who knows, maybe the film itself does not know. He certainly did not mention anything about the motivation that makes the children decide they want to search for their father so suddenly wanted to scenario 0. Also wanted to newcomers easily. It is a simple and gentle man named Paul (Mark Ruffalo) works in a restaurant, such as viewers wonder about the motivation to do without, but the answer is not mentioned in the scenario Adolescents will accompany their father to meet with each of the familiar and the familiar Nick Jules. The think if you watch enough movies, that something important is falling in the first meeting. Perhaps tension. Position is derived from the position in which something of remorse, or rejection. But everything is in the midst of Smiles Party distributed on the faces of everyone. What happened to some psychological or emotional excitement or drama or any one else? Why the film has passed him half an hour to maintain the sterile coolness? The answer is that the director wanted Chuluudankw activate some of the stress later when you start Jolie impressive Paul. This of course will be at the expense of Nick (above them) is caused by the Zaal between two women but not Azaal which disrupt the intimacy issue 0 As sliding representation to below the level of any of his characters an adult (the only one who deals well of his role is the young actress Mia and Ajikoڤska) does not stay for the film, but these glances exchanged, as if one of the representatives have forgotten what they want to say wait to save him the other, who forgot what they want to say. How can we not expect that a dialogue with phrases such as vehicle "did not rose to the point of awareness for you?" Or naive, such as "I do not trust their ability to pick the rose"? The phrase, which laughs to Skhvha that says: "I know you will need time before you get started paying your emotions towards that" 0 Get Out of here: all this and I found myself screaming Rating: 2 / 5 