Movie Name: The Last Airbender new step in the wrong direction for troubleshooting AD. Night Shyamalan - at least from the standpoint of cash is almost 0 "Lord of the Air" (and I will explain the meaning of this shortly) without the camera. Most are port on the computer and the footage in the vicinity of the graphic technology, in turn, nor do they suggest. Shot you a snapshot of me. Shot him. Shot her. Very creative indeed! 0 A compound word and the literal meaning is "of Levi air." I mean imagine that the air is a piece Tank Airbender Tloueta how you want. Or a balloon that can be made form of a rabbit from it. Caution is that the balloon explodes Vifelt the air and can then control it. There the water of Levi and Levi, and Levi, the ground fire in this film, but not enough of torsion. What is meant is the word "master", ie, capable of adapting the air or adaptation of water, fire, earth, or dirt. The hero of the movie adaptation of good air, and all that it now is to learn other skills in order to face the bad guys ... Group from the masters of fire, who make up the State as the "Nation of Fire", would like to conquer all other powers. Before the beginning of the film was able to group the people of the air. Destroy it all with the exception of the Warrior small in size (Noah Ringer), which carries hope the good guys in the rescue, one of him to learn all other skills to this task 0 This small in size (perhaps he was in the hundreds) was locked up in a bubble of water (I also laughed about the idea, But I wished I stayed in) that enables a young girl and save it. Girl and her brother's lousy representation (representation for the photographs) belong to the nation's water. And three, they decide it's time to deal against the occupiers. This boy is one of the junta, known as "avatars", which is not like James Cameron's Avatar, but merely a group that has the capacity of spirituality, although I did not notice any of them. To note that without the effort of those movements is practiced by the boy player kung fu, karate, and Levi, all air worthiness. Extends his right hand high and then driven towards the left, which at that moment to be turned back even to appear as if he wanted to Igh. And then she left and right lower elevations and one forward and one back, while high knee in preparation to extend the leg, half a meter. All that occurred to me that the child can play the game the thimble and securities fell three and a wealth of 0, but not look like me, those movements, what is required is that we believe they produce things are the backbone of the film: The water in the form of fountains, raises dust from the ground, draws air in any direction comes to mind port computer Graphics and so on. Only if they are able to provide good representation, and also good at all output 0, then there is the great battle that soldiers had tried to fire the occupation of the castle the last remaining soldiers Bhozp water. In the time when humans Admeon out movies, they are keen to give the fighters wear different clothes or different color so as to facilitate the viewer to distinguish between combatants. But the perpetrators of this film put everyone in black bass eliminating the remnants of what could be an incentive for the attention of someone who wins and defeats. Since many of those who see them are making the illusion, one does not have any degree of confidence as he sees fit in any case 0 m is the director of the film. Knight Xiamlan that we have seen moving quietly to what were blocked without access to this film, which wanted a mechanic and had what he wanted. But how one wishes was a good mechanic. Even in such a degree of inferiority of the work there is distinction between film director implement rule clumsy and well above last granted thinness Rkaktha. Shyamalan and belonged to the second team. Even managed to represent the non-existent. Or maybe it had carried out the death sentence when it found that its representatives do not have the talent they provide. Take for example a view to Patel who lead role here was Prince of adulterated and then discover the truth. Who would have thought that a good actor in "Slumdog Millionaire" has a chance here to review the same. Patel will find uses the expression himself when he was adulterated, and when he discovered the truth. The rest are no better off 0 In the first half hour was the fear is to appear Shyamalan in a small role, he tried to increase his popularity, and his reward also, representation appeared in every film directed and almost turned to the championship in the "Lady in the Water," and when did not find a role for himself in the "Event "The audio representation. But after a period of time is aware that the director can not adversely affect his running, even if they wanted, the film is markedly bad so that something will not harm him 0, above all, is a film in three dimensions for those who wish. This means that you have a choice to see a markedly bad double or treble and personally preferred the view of ordinary dimensions of Ali liked the movie a little, others more optimistic critics too and saw the statue and lived to regret 0 Rating: 2 / 5 