Movie Name: PANDORUM Directed by: Christian Olvart major roles: Dennis Quaid, Ben Foster 0 Fiction / Science [space] | United States - 2009 there are survivors and one at the beginning of this movie wakes up from the capsule, which is where the screaming of pain and enter unzip himself from those tubes and belts that prevent movement, and then open the capsule and go out into the room of steel. It Bauer (Ben Foster). Shortly after detects the presence of Captain Payton (Dennis Quaid). Helped him to salvation. Both are in the middle of a giant spacecraft the size of Lebanon or New Jersey. And the vehicle left in this space (Initially), after it was launched from Earth in the twenty-second century in search of a suitable planet to live was that it looked like the earth. But the captain can not find the planet because he can not mobility vehicle, as well as there is no one in this huge space to answer his calls. Bauer nationally Lq in the corridors of this vehicle is a big search for answers and finds himself in front of surprises Kitt LL: There are other survivors (including fight club carried out by Antje Trouw and warrior Manh and played Kong in order) and a large number of those who are still within the Kpsolathm, and others from the cannibals, they were human beings w m converts, and these receptive movement attacking fiercely and Power and the two combatants, to stay alive to be a them back to the fortified cabin stay The captain. This has a problem with another space named Shepherd (Norman Raydos) refuses to obey his orders after he realized that the captain is not the person who can be trusted 0 It is what could have been happening on the ground but in the large space inside the ship and this is what gives the film a sense of danger resulting from the lack of space and the large number of backstage and the lack of knowledge of the film's characters sound as if is turned right or left here there. The result is, of course exciting, but the film loses its causes and positions, which starts strong weakening of wear and tear quickly. The scene that exists within a particular place or room unlocked successful design and implementation, but its impact on everything else and its links, including previous and Selhgah limited because the care director tended to deal with each situation in itself, and because the sinister characters (cannibal) does not exist for them beyond the exterior, and screaming " Aaaaaaah "more than once. Each time 0 German filmmaker is still new to writing and American (Travis Milloy) and finance German / American joint and all that it could not have a value for the fact that the film does not have a sense of European Holyoodia does not make sense. Of course, his sense of danger is not in itself, but do you think the director to make something of the story beyond the frameworks Mpharqatha? So what was that a »surprise« at the end of the film crystallized to a small bump in the movie the average value in everything while out 0 Alien Ridley Scott That most of the events taking place in space, within the interesting larger than that done by »Banduram« (a compound word does not exist in the dictionary). Yes, there were not personal to the beast, but his presence was especially Mayorma Amahech question and (somewhat and form etc ...) does not detect rapidly as is the case here. Furthermore, the characters had to have something to do for the exchange of dialogues 0 Rating: 2 / 5 