Movie Name: Chloe Director: Atom Iigoyan first roles: Julianne Moore, Liam Neeson, Amanda Seffrayd tabs: Drama / re-making | production: France / United States [2009] 0 Use the Canadian filmmaker (born in Alexandria in Egypt) sex in his films prior as a means to draw the characters live for moments of crises emotional on the one hand and raise a great deal of desire Alierottikip viewers, or some viewers at least, the trader with the subject with curiosity and with the camera as if it were a kind voyeur 0 is not here 0 His latest film, "Calloway" is not up to the degree to which permit the completion of this level of sophistication in the supply and treatment, but remains under the target can not be achieved. Enters a body infected with convalescence but does not improve, but actually end up worse than it started 0 Perhaps this is due to the «Calloway» is the first film achieved Iigoyan without being wrote the script himself, and perhaps this is due to the «Calloway» is the first remake by, since the film is based on a scenario developed by Erin Cressida Wilson for the film «Natalie »French Anne Fontaine (2003), which was written with Philip Fontaine then Blasplan and Francois Olivier Rousseau and Jacques Vichy 0 I have not seen that movie, but what goes under the sky of France remains the movies, usually the most successful, which goes under the sky cinemas the other if they want to quote a French film. Keep in mind, if you wish, all those French films detective, comedy and emotional have been re-produced and manufactured in Hollywood: »Original Sin», «bird cage», »the mirror has two faces», taxi »,» Three Men and a Baby «,» breathless « , »and my father a hero« etc ... Find they are either worse than the original or close to it did not add anything is 0 But as I recall, it does not mean that the Iigoyan quoting French film is the reason should not be writing the script as he did not reason himself also. As a director you have to deal with any situation as long as he originally accepted the deal. The only possibility, which stands behind this film hwan may be due to that the production of Hollywood and the last word is not for troubleshooting. But this makes the problem and the responsibility of the director does not relieve him 0 in the beginning of the film comes voice Calloway (Amanda Saeffrayd), he says: "I think I always what you're good with words" and before we know what you mean remember shortly after: "I'm trying to look for the good thing each person. " But the phrase does not mention her first literary or the equivalent of that film, and the second means a lot in itself. Calloway is a girl night (and work in the daytime too!) See gynecologist Catherine (Julianne Moore) from the window of her office as she left the building together with another catch them before they go off to examine the woman recognized her that it does not feel excited at all. Say to it, reassuring it is a problem and ends with the membership of the scene at this point. The director is not required to continue it, it contained a scene as an example of the work of Catherine, but something has been missing since the beginning until the meaning is that Catherine may not bother much to the complaints of her patients. If this is intended, or for additional Vlqtp cats were Stadhavan value to this scene rather than to pass as if it were a thorn in the waist 0 Catherine suspicious that her husband, music, distinguished professor, David (Liam Neeson) and cheated to reach the idea that the use of Calloway (after I've seen once again in front of the building) in order to identify her husband to make sure of his reaction. Calloway accept the task for a sum of money and return to Catherine to tell her the results have a memory of what happened between them. Reaction to the reaction, we find Catherine Calloway and spent the night together, then decide what happened to Katherine as something exceptional, but Calloway threatened to expose the relationship after photographs were taken. Catherine and David are facing each other. Calloway sneak into a room where their son Michael is ultimately for this drama. The film does not start well, but after a quarter of an hour he was still able to be improved. When Catherine lose her the compass for how you act, the film loses its compass is also similar. That comes to the end, a kind of wall collision resemble the collision one of the characters in the film after the fall of the land at the end of the film. Visually the film is good. There are running eye for the details of movement and performance of Julianne Moore in another certificate capabilities Alvaivp, only if that dialogue was the best. Filming locations in the city of Toronto in her beautiful snowy Fberodp and animating characters from the cooler atmosphere, even if it was not must mean cooler movie. Like many movies, do not we see the characters that often works in their offices. Professors do not go to university, not the doctor to the clinic (only to look out the window!) And their son Michael goes to school. The film itself does not go anywhere 0 Rating: 2 / 5 