Movie Name: WALL STREET: MONEY NEVER SLEEPS social drama | Love in the Time-year economic despair of the director, who lost his teeth 0, while the Ooliڤr sixty years in 1987 to bring the "Wall Street" March of that intensity in the implications and accusations so severely criticized if speculative stock market and working in the stock and various financial sectors in the Wall Street famous New Yorker. Addressed, and the timing of early, the role of the famous Street financial institutions on Wall Street in American economic life, a researcher in the corners for models that transformed the great American dream to the benefit of self. And his best expression of these models was personal speculator in the stock market named Gordon Geko (Michael Douglas) is ready to do anything even if it was outside the scope of the law in order to reach the top and bring the richness and the slogan that "greed is good" 0 in a scenario Allan Loeb and Stephen Schiff to part w that comes in the wake of U.S. economic shock, which still Tot Eradtha concrete task to return to Gordon Geko to find out what happened to him and how the situation now and what to do to win back his past, and the task of introducing new characters lead the story to most of the time and are exposed to moral posturing taken by a film suitable for i suggested more questions about the concept of life of capitalism and the role of major institutions in reaching life U.S. economic to 0 But this argument kind of a foregone conclusion for the film. That Oliver Stone does not want to be Michael Moore, documentary filmmaker, who always raises difficult questions about the matters raised in his films. All he wants to Stone, the evidence of his films last three at least, a "World Trade Centre" on the disaster atheist th of September 2001 and "W" about the life of U.S. President George (W.) Bush before and after entering the White House, then this film, is touching the big topics without entering. And "Wall Street 2" is no different from this approach: a big drama about right and wrong without classification and without self-criticism, or sympathy for one side or the other. Is thinner than it was from day tours of the political in the eighties. Days was serious in his search for duels political waged at times against the White House and at times against the CIA, and as is the case in the "Wall Street" Previously, with economic freedom Asthozha senior owners of the banks and speculators in the stock market does not want Stone said leaves personal Gordon Geko satisfied Bitmha former. It is time to explain to Gordon himself Greed is Good: Yes, he famously declared that While he believes in it. Now, he is still with the principle but with the search for another way to implement it. He still wants to become the world's richest people, but it is more personal than it was good to the degree previously conferred return an error and not cancel the principle of the whole movie starts exit 0 Gordon from prison after serving eight years for his activities during the illegal first film. The film quickly moves forward, we find ourselves in the year 2009, where Gordon is firmly established on his feet again but without the great wealth or a strong influence, which was previously enjoyed. His daughter (Carey Mulligan) like the stock exchange speculator a young man named Jack Moore (Shi LaBeouf). It is a copy of the figure of a young former first film that he has played for Charlie Qin, except that Jack caught quickly, and minutes after we got him, bank transfer of $ 1,000,400 thousand dollars. It is a model of success and everything seemed to him and his girl that he wants to marry her (which will tell it shortly after that she was pregnant) best. From here the film offers some of the power struggle between the good old (represented by Frank Langella) and the new greed (Josh Brawlin) and how that I relegated before committing suicide, while the second indulges in the use of his powers in order to gather money. For his part, the Gordon will play his game and starts back to where it was, but when the Ist The blood of the decision of the moral strength Investing daughter (one hundred million dollars were not learning anything about it!) Reveals that it is still greedy man himself though this greed will continue for a few minutes before the triumph inside that part of T upon the small area Vehra to save the love threatened between his son is like and return the money, which for i XUE them. The end is not convincing Bel miserable, but go without a trace because of what preceded it is no better story Ttawai more than once as if the writers Loeb and Schiff were trying to find out their direction while they were putting the final scenario. Valtmhid to the employee, a young man knocks on the door of success. Gift received from the Chairman of Angela in the drama and the appropriate time to reflect the faith of this young man what he was doing. President suicide by throwing himself in front of a subway train, appropriate calculations in order to restore the young man, even if the film wants the champion of something that does not take very recalculations socket it will work for the new president, but Brawlin principles inspired by the teachings of the old boss. And then resign at the disposal of emotional no real justification for it. All this does not work even in the framework of the search for excuses, and it leads to is a personal weak no final decision has and the film not only has a follow-up of this character is stable and 0 for its part, the Carey Mulligan, which we got to in the "education" in the last year, trying to scratch is faded painted her as a woman you want to promote a culture of environmental true among people in such a difficult time of physical. It also wants to stay away from her father, who did not care for her throughout his life but it is trying to approach the life of his daughter and her fiance with the will of the rigid positions devoid of anything new. It is also not new to the father to do what confirms the utter disregard the value of the relationship between him and his son, before suddenly aware that he was wrong right. In the end Sithob to its senses a bit. Will rid itself of bad repute. Stsamha smile and his daughter marry the young man is one hundred million dollars and who knows, perhaps working as financial consultant for the recruitment of the amount due to his experience 0 Directed Ooliڤr sixtieth appears to the eye imbued with vigor and regeneration and the use of computer Grafix gears fast and the screen divided to display more of the action-reaction, but the film itself, and far away from playing these kind, no longer interesting as successful as was the first to the end. In fact, there is no suspense, and one in two hours and ten minutes of the show. No question about whether this or that, what will happen. No expectations. Vague and does not raise in any matter. There is good representation of Shi and Douglas Mulligan and Brolin and Angela specific (and bad stereotyping of Eli Wallach), but not in the film that comes from the same element that makes it a necessary condition. The movie does not work the fact realized that what he was talking before and after the recent economic crisis is now well known and he does not have a lot of new offered by or reveal in this regard. What the film is monitored by the Street and Walt Street is not like the streets of New York, but is closer to a sea of sharks, who wears suits and rear fascias and neck appear in films bear themes and issues, not 0 Rating: 2 