Green Zone Books: Muhammad al-Masri Rating: 2.5 out of 5 Starring: Matt Damon, Greg Kinnear, Amy Ryan, Brendan Gleeson Director: Paul Greengrass (2010) may be Paul Greengrass is the best way out live-action in Hollywood now, was able through a single contract and one that has the imprint of film and clear .. Like in the "Bloody Sunday" and strongly Racni them out in two parts of the trilogy Bourne .. And impressed in "United 93" which I consider to be among the elite movies the past decade, but it is disappointing that wandered in his trip to Iraq .. This time, Greengrass traces the U.S. Army officer, "Roy Miller" who is looking for weapons of mass destruction that the war within the hypothesis of its presence in Iraq, only to discover the hidden relationships that brought together the leadership of the Baath Party And the nearest men, "Saddam Hussein" on the one hand and between the CIA and the U.S. Department of Defense on the other hand, worries and become the biggest political conspiracy and detect deception and the existence of weapons of mass destruction, to end the war .. Even now I do not know how to scriptwriter as "Brian Heligeland" wrote one of the best and most complex texts in the nineties, "Los Angeles Confidential" that sets a scenario like this! We do not know about any character in this work more than her .. This U.S. officer looking for the truth .. Intelligence and this man wants to continue the war .. These releases help the soldier .. And that an Iraqi citizen come from the vacuum, all the film's characters, without exception, flat to the degree of humor which is - along with that - move the events according to a "cliché" movies intelligence usual without any increase or decrease, all the events of the film was contrived and predictable strongly, and politically, it lacks depth .. Hligeland condemns U.S. policies that led to the war through the false information did not try to make sure it is correct .. But he emphasizes that the Iraqis on the other hand always wanted to get rid of "Saddam Hussein" and the Baath Party, even if it was in collaboration with the U.S. military, which dealt with a compromise and a very childish in my opinion .. Paul Greengrass himself had lost heavily in attempting to deal with partial (truth) the direction of the Iraq war and the movement taken as a movie does not stray far from partial "born" the last two, I saw a side surface in the first .. And repetition and not fulfilling the other side, it's not just a camera-mounted and ran behind the photographer and Matt Damon with a quick montage of scenes, the weight of the drama in his films is what the previous most successful and grants for action scenes worth .. And lightness in the film that left a bad film .. Unfortunately!! 