Movie Name: The sons of Uncle "film is ridiculous and despicable," thus describes some of the film he saw of the Palestinians, which prompted me to watch to find out the reason behind this description though not great for watching movies mg Arab. The idea that interested me very governed by a Palestinian - against her will - the Government of Israel! In addition, it interested me because it is related to Egypt, Israel and the Palestinians inside .. It is, I do not forget those positions that shocked the Egyptians treated us Kvelstinii 48 during our visit to Egypt .. We are, in their view "customers" and "Jews speak Arabic," How Sisorna this movie?! This is what sparked my curiosity .. The film twists and turns and looks normal beginning of the film combines it with an Egyptian father and his children and his wife love Fenrah take them on a cruise .. To show the reality of a sudden he was "Daniel" - actor Sharif Munir - Mossad agent who decided to kidnap his wife, "Salwa" - actress Mona Zaki - and two young children and return them to Israel, and after that disappear after anesthesia Alzojptafik and opens a window of her house to surprise the Israeli flag giant before it, Vtdrick she lived in a big trick over the years. Salwa puts Daniel in front of two options: either to return to Egypt alone, and left her two children of Israel or to continue to live with them in Tel Aviv, that agree - reluctantly - to stay near her children after having been drained of their tricks to escape from Israel. Were not the end of the film must interfere with Egyptian intelligence by the officer - Karim Abdel Aziz - to help Salwa and her children to return to Egypt, then join the latter to him to help him in the rhythm of Daniel, through facilitating the entry of his Mossad to uncover the scheme "hit list" of the Mossad in Egypt, Unfortunately, however, be expected Daniel to the scheme and expected the Egyptian officer within the Office. (And we discover that accompany Daniel to his wife and birth was just bait to catch the cream that was on the list for assassination) Begins the conflict between the two agents ", sons of Uncle" after trying to Egypt to free the client Egyptian while being transported to hospital for treatment of the effects of torture and stems then to save the Salwa and her two children, pursued by Daniel while trying to flee with them to Egypt and win the Egyptian officer on his Israeli counterpart and kill him, and ends with a movie hero, he says: "I am leaving but I'll be back again." Arabs have a fear of Israel! Movie Photos 48 Palestinians are cowards, and that he appeared prominently in several scenes first of them the scene in which they appear Mona Zaki with their children in the streets of Tel Aviv, a researcher for a person assist them to return to Egypt, at that moment meets by chance a man who looks upon the features of Arabic, (from the Palestinians 48), but his reaction is unexpected .. He escapes them and refuses to speak to her just because it is Egyptian, as if frightened of Israel, note that this is not realistic .. Because the Arabs in Israel, regardless of their positions from the state, talking among themselves in the streets as well as contact with Israeli Jews themselves in work and education! The strange thing is, that after that position heading into this Arab Egyptian embassy and tell them about offset with an Egyptian woman in the street! Construction of the wall! Meets Kareem Abdul-Aziz - the Egyptian officer - during his trip to the "Tel Aviv" young Palestinian Arabs, Through his meeting with them was highlighted by Egyptian intelligence and thus the Egyptian state as a carrier are the Palestinian issue while we all know that they abandoned P "Levine" declared war on the Gaza Strip from the rostrum of Egypt, also was filmed by the Palestinian and the like contribute to building the separation wall, while the system Egyptian is the one who builds a wall around the Gaza Strip today! Darien, Palestinian girl! During one scene shows a young Palestinian woman called "Darren." Seeking Darren martyrdom operation or "suicide" as some call it, after her brother was killed by the Israeli authorities, comes the Egyptian officer and stops on its work, saying that reprisals are of no avail note that such processes take place are usually motivated to defend the case rather than revenge .. Had Qdipthar what Israel was to fear, because revenge is a crime motivated by individual Amlalchksi .. It is not a war from an organization or a State or the people. This filming, the director of martyrdom operations like this flattening large topic that it is in the eyes of Mnicom the weapon counter is used by unarmed people to the kind of balance of terror Dddolp used against air force, tanks, and this regardless of the propriety of Ooparwaip these processes religious or international ... Regardless of the feasibility politically. In addition to this, there is another scene of the most scenes that she provoked, and when Darren escape, accompanied by the officer not to arrest by the police after suspicions bound to it. The officer asked her to undresses his car so as not to suspect the police about them (James Bond-style romance and heroism), and this is the worst scenes that offended the Palestinian girl and sell her image as her honor and act as a prostitute as a way to escape from the grip of the police and go to jail! Disregard mind scenes Out of that excess brother of the missing, there was no need to exaggerate photographed Jews as objects devoid of any compassion even to themselves, it is known that the Jews love each other - at least their behavior, no one familiar with the hearts but Allah - and we all see the amount of efforts being made to liberate their captives or rescue a soldier from the battlefield .. Hence, we did not expect that the Daniel - who loved the film depicts him for his children - trying to kill his children for no apparent reason, especially since his children wander love it too. Beauty to the Egyptian government! I can not find this movie worth the hype and fascination! I think that all this stems from the idea that did not come up before and not because of its importance, because it is a movie "super" .. But because it is essentially the goal that satisfies the desire of the Egyptian public and polish the image of the Egyptian regime, which we see in a dictatorship is afraid of its people from criticism! Valdhabt Egyptian film did not reflect only the Egyptian authorities, "successful" that challenged Israel's extraordinary abilities were able to succeed his mission, despite the blows received by the electrical and violence in which he was, did not die! But it remained that energy that we see films, "Superman." It is surprising is the end of the film shows the disregard of the filmmakers of the mind of the viewer, so when the troops entered the police cars and planes to the heart of Egypt "Tel Aviv" to save Superman from the grip of the Mossad! Rating: 3.71/10 