20 - Movie Name: microphone Rating: 2 \ 5 Came the news of winning film microphone gold festival in Cairo earlier this month, bringing with it an exclamation point some journalists and critics Rabtin between winning and the desire to celebrate the festival of Egyptian cinema, which is celebrated, who was represented at the session devoted a subdivision of the Egyptian cinema itself. Interpretation, which took him out colleagues is that Egypt is dedicated to the same first prize. Of course, without seeing the other films and levels can not know whether he was awarded the microphone first prize (or any prize) is right or not, but now be seen on the screen of Dubai Festival amid a host of other different interests, styles and levels, puts the film the focus of assessment immediately. This does not mean that it is free from defects or that the best films seen here, but it means they are not flaws lead to a weakening or decline it. This, incidentally, is the case with other Egyptian films 678 and out 0 in microphone story is only an item in the second row of interest. Revolves around the return of a young man had traveled to the United States for a few years (Khaled Abul-Naga) to the city of Alexandria, which was born and grew up with. As a whole is in need of return for the restoration of relations and re-connect and build of a new phase of his life. But, as if the heroine of the film Cities Transit (which we've had here a few days ago) find the young man that his relationship with his father cracked, and she was well before he traveled. Also finds that his return did not mean much to his ex-girlfriend (Menna Shalaby), which in turn is about to leave. Accepts the job does not represent the aspirations and engage in wire performers rap Music in Alexandria, a group of young men (younger) who have something to say against the status-sound envelope and singing youth workers. In one of the scenes almost Khaled succeed in securing the Pepsi that would like the group presented, after refusing to board a government (for some reason bureaucrat), but a group of men living mind on the basis that the place near the mosque, and during the debate on the subject with a police car ordering the pilot his men to remove microphones and banners. But the government and the situation detracted share of criticism in the film also carries the spirit of a young woman is fabricated. Writing a good director Ahmed Abdullah and experience the atmosphere of life as normal. The picture director film camera Getal modern I do not know how he can be photographed for the share of voice that the severity of one of the work is moving the camera, portable and easy to follow and with a little montage of sometimes, among the subjects to be photographed without the reality of the Weird heroes and characters. But a lot of good thing is turning against the film, or almost. The story ends meet before the film ends with a half hour or so, and the film remains clinging to lists of what must be completed before then. There is a special method for the director and screenwriter can continue until it achieves his next film, but it should focus more on the story to push forward in order to equal - at least - the element of photography. As it is now, it seems Phone to a combination of attitudes is not without pressing the front image of chaos. 