22 - Movie Name: Damascus with Love Rating: 2 \ 5 If the film Cities Transit began Bbtalth has just arrived from abroad, the film Damascus with love (Syrian film the second joint in the competition) starts Bbtalth is almost ascend the plane to leave Syria, but they fall suddenly resolution while telling her and her father, Albert, that her lover is still alive. Father Albert takes the seat plane and die in the Italian city, are they begin a journey to find Habib had not seen him since the eighties before heading to Lebanon, a recruiter in the Syrian army during the civil war there. This recruiter is a Jewish Christian. She does not know its title or is known to be looking for. All that is sufficient, the issue of saturated and a new, did not touch him Syrian cinema, in Arabic, to him before. And one expects that the Director is aware that to take advantage of this plot and the ideas and proposals is what must be careful so it does not fall under the burden of the film purposes unrelated to the theme of crucifixion and the way that this issue must be submitted through it. But this is what happens exactly, after a few, fragment scenes between the Italian is not important dramatic later (it is acceptable for the moment only), captures the filmmaker characters you want to laugh and entertain as if the film was made for this purpose or as if it was an act of television to the people of the house. As the film enters into the trap of adding scenes captured on the way of every valley flower. Often seems that everything that comes to mind is the director photography away from relevance, and regardless of the presence in the scenario or non-existence. If it exists, that would be vulnerable in the text if not exists it is weak in terms of going out with him. In the second half, when the journey starts Bbtalth and another friend you know in search of a lover who discovers that he turned into a monk in some remote areas, increased sagging movie plots add nothing to do with the main theme. It can be accepted if the film began as a movie through. In one of the scenes that reflect the thinness of construction and the gathering of the viewer without linking implications properly, we find the heroine of the film relate to telephone boyfriend to tell him that she wanted to meet him for the event. While you do get into the story side have nothing to do and will not tell him "It's important not wait," but the next day. Also, the writing does not recognize the time-founder to build the film. Long day more than necessary to accommodate the flight from Damascus to the remote countryside and to stop several times to introduce the story of marriage between a young man play ball and a girl carrying a pistol without consuming the time of the nuclei before they finish their search for missing her boyfriend. Will come to the monastery and will have time to walk in the rehab place and then to sit and then to write a word and then to leave. All of this long because they still shining. 