 7 - Movie Name: Certified Copy Rating: 1 \ 5 raise and Media Almehrjaon and Western critics, and then some Arabs, the director Abbas Kiarostami stars to the ranks of the output even before it leaves the country and his regime in the past year. Within the confines of that system, was Kiarostami makes films not Tnawe context of public power, but is known to mainstream cinema. While this is not enough to consider doing so way out of an artist, but that the West, and after some Arabs, as I said before, Kiarostami's lap on the basis that it belongs to the creator Rahat filmmakers authors simply because it performs in thinking. Not as serious as if what is implemented by the errors in the Rules of cinematographic 0 in the previous films, the line of the director lines on the sands of his career. Hold the camera images, then grabbed the camera and other forms. Making films for just long scenes that do not expire and this is what is made by directors from the senior class and Ondjelipoulos Tarkovsky or Antonioni. Stood in front of the camera in the "ten" and tell us a lesson written in the cinema which wiped out the efforts of others, saying that the way is a way. Gere film about children Aloiders in Africa, Sobh a film about how you contact your United Nations to ask you to you to make a film about AIDS and how I went out there and how it worked and handled and how much parchment heart over the children of AIDS as he did himself in "a b S. Africa." But you can not consider that what you do Cinema In his new film (his first outside of Iran) and address of the certified copy will not find this level of narcissism, but without air barrier accept what we see are natural and sincere and genuine is still there. A question of air already, because the director American Independent Richard Inkeltr previous to the idea of this film in 1995, when completed, "before sunrise" and the year 2004, when completed before sundown: photographs Taatarefan and the road to becoming the day together two speakers about all you can to talk with two people walking together without the knowledge of precedent. Air does not anyone else, because the experience of Inkeltr in this kind of sunken in the dialogue was useful or Mtrthura, formulate intimacy, affection and passion and chemistry between the actors makes Dalbi Jolie and Ethan Hawke. So the technical vocabulary of film photography, sound and choose from in the picture and when when you Inkeltr refreshing experience and prevent them feeling Balishab 0 This does not happen in the "certified copy" (did not happen one day in any of the films Kiarostami) What happens is that the authors arrive late to a room with about fifty people in the town in the Italian province of Tuscany, to deliver a speech in English (Italians understand English or understand) Vttzmr by the camera as he spoke what he deemed Khatib and important film with him while he is not the case in reality. To enter the hall Juliette Binoche, who arrived late and in turn moved to the first row and sat on the chair is reserved (perhaps the author). Long shots him and the other on her and her son and then write the telephone number and when you leave it sitting next to her to convey it to the author 0 Copyright and named James (William Schimmel) means the gallery run by Eli (Binoche) and beneath the earth, and you meet and it is proposed to take it to where it can be Erchwia two cups of coffee. Agree. Deposit her cat and close the shop and take our friend in the car on a trip to another town. Isoukan. Arrive. Walking. Gallery entering another. Listening, entering a cafe. Go out of the cafe. Entering a restaurant. Go out from the restaurant. Go. Sitting on the stairs and so on. All this and the dialogue between them are cut off with a single development in this context is that the tedious Eli are taken, by surprise since I thought that a woman runs a cafe number one, that her husband, James, that her husband already. Author, for no reason is not apparent in the subsoil, Imachiha and responds to this belief and treated as if it were his wife of fifteen years and as if her son, who stayed in the house is their son Joint 0 Take for example the scene sitting at the restaurant and how to complain about the author of the service before it starts . Calls for the waiter who occupied - without worrying about the cat show his personality - asked James to wait, but this is now requested. Ask him a bottle of wine. Back when "wife" of the bathroom was decorated, surprises and his self-styled James ignored the waiter who gave him the wine does not like and disappeared. Kiarostami's genius as depicted scene, not the justification for any of the falls. No justification for ignoring the waiter service delivery, not without justification that the restaurant from others, is no justification for revolution husband, especially after he entered the restaurant and hand over the shoulder of Eli gently, no justification for cutting the video to as such. But the film as a whole is unwarranted and not only that scene 0 In all, the director who keeps himself believed, and share his admirers, that invented a new cinema, from imposing its rhythm to the public as if it were a real case of art. This film is one of the worst acts of this session, and is heartening that the mind of the jury president Tim Burton is not involved in these accounts but often will choose another film (perhaps the film Iiarret) to give him a major prize 0 Kiarostami's film, ultimately, is the type of business that remain below the level of cultural Masturbation, even up to that level have to put what is important and worth Baltjsil imaging, but there is nothing here to achieve this result. 