10 - Movie Name: The Housemaid Rating: 1 \ 5 there is a committee shall receive a selection of films capita pounds of money every month to meet the selection of the best films. If you were not the choices are all equal, this natural, but to have some level of this film, the question you need to interpret 0items Im Sang - Soo new surprise in the level of those who saw him in 2005, "the last shot of the President" (from Hotel Competition Festival Berlin), which starts with a girl aimed at the same building above the medium height of the landing on the pavement of a street in a busy area popular. From there will go through Uni (Juan de Lyon) and you will see what the police left of the signs and chalk drawings on the ground where they fell. Will be the idea of death and Takhtmrha until the end of the film. In the interval long between the beginning and the end, will a maid in the house of an aristocratic family headed by a man of great wealth (Lee Jung Jae), who has a wife pregnant with twins and a girl in its fifth year or so, and Supervisor of the House (Lyon Yeoh - Young) that brings uni for the receipt of work that includes taking care of Balolden girl and two on the road 0 Do not pass a long time before it enters the master of the house and exercise room maid with her love were not a freak though Like many freaks the verge of turning to and this is what usually happens before the maid discovers she is pregnant. Does not detect it alone, but they discover the wife's mother and wife and supervisor of the home even before it knows the husband and the father of the child. The wife's mother is planning to fabricate a case for killing the maid, after the relationship in their own language and this causes the servant to the hospital and then return to the house has been Avctdah relationship. Battered wife and offer her one hundred thousand dollars for abortion. But the employee wants to keep the child. Here, the idea must be formed in the beginning of the film as it returned to throw herself from the top of the ladder, but on Balthreya and somehow they received fire Vtlthmha is still swinging in the air. All supplies melodrama clichs found in this film Poseur, and the prosecutor who goes from bad to worse every time he tried to board a new axis in these relations reliefs among persons where there is not one of them is noble and where the director wants to slap in the lives of the wealthy, but he does not mind that affects Besfth servers making them a model for the indiscretion at the same time. A former Korean films carrying this title for the first output - Young Kim 1960 and the second is - Tae Park in 1979 and one wonders first if they were orbiting on the same subject and, secondly, if they were as bad as the same. 