8 - Movie Name: Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps Rating: 2 \ 5 scenario Allan Loeb and Steven Schiff does not want to leave the character Gordon Geko Bitmha comfortable with the former. Personal, as performed in 1987, Michael Douglas in the movie "Wall Street" was and stood in that film to say with confidence and slag an audience of senior figures in Economics and Finance New York, its expression the famous "greed is good". For twenty-three years and it remained in circulation whenever the phrase search in the cinema critics director Oolir sixtieth or Michael Douglas in films or in such actions, which dealt with economic conditions. It is a circulating more than writer and political commentator and economic way to describe who goes by the economic life in the U.S. in particular, then 0 If it is time to explain to Gordon himself, as it is time for director Stone said moving research into the economic situation of the pre-atheist th of September 2001 to the economic situation beyond. All of this in the formulation of multiple bids in the first landing after that to put emotional grazing against the backdrop of the economic life of present situation with the collapse of the banking in the United States and the rise of the economic crisis and living on the other hand 0 Critic of the magazine "Variety" Note that the character of Gordon became a kinder, gentler than it was, but closest to the right that the new image it causes is quite dramatic. In the movie "Wall Street" first, the character Gordon, also performed well and Michael Douglas won by Ooscarh, is a sinister character in the movie anti-greed of businessmen. In the new movie there is an attempt whitening image Gordon and awarded gaining humanly and emotionally appropriate for the fact that one out of the film with a sense that the film wanted to save a personal hero than the right with more than he wanted to offer her a position plausible and 0 the other hand, Oolir Stone is to become thinner than it was day tours in the political bakacad Maninat days in what was a serious search AH duels political waged at times against the White House and at times against the CIA, and as is the case in the "Wall Street" Previously, with economic freedom Asthozha senior owners of the banks and speculators in the stock market now is leave the viewer finds what he wants his conclusion is true, but it does not take reflected in the position, just as was the case in the "Empire State" Four years ago, when committed to the incident e individual and backgrounds figures fell a under the rubble did not issue its own position only what can be inferred from the emotion At the implant in the person of a U.S. marine has contributed in helping to rescue 0 Here begins the film exit Gordon from prison after serving eight years because of illegal activities during the first film. The film quickly moves forward, we find ourselves in the year 2009, where Gordon is firmly established on his feet again but without the great wealth or a strong influence, which was previously enjoyed. His daughter (Carey Mulligan) like the stock exchange speculator a young man named Jack Moore (Shi LaBeouf). It is a copy of the figure of a young former first film that he has played for Charlie Qin, except that Jack caught quickly, and minutes after we got him, bank transfer of $ 1,000,400 thousand dollars. It is a model of success and everything seemed to him and his girl that he wants to marry her (which will tell it shortly after she was pregnant) best. From here the film offers some of the power struggle between the old (represented by Frank Langella) and new (Josh Brawlin) and how that I relegated before committing suicide, while the second indulges in the use of his powers in order to gather money. It is the evil of the new series in appropriate circumstances may more than that the days of what was Gordon a young Gordon is playing his game and starts back to where it was but when he clashes with the decision of the moral texture invest funds of his son (one hundred million dollars were not learning anything about it!) Reveals it is still the same greed. That comes to the end, when rushing to rescue the love between his daughter and threatened to love and return the money which tch of them, is compelling and a desperate attempt to whiten the face of actor and character alike Directed Oolir sixtieth appears to the eye imbued with vigor and regeneration and the use of computer Grafix gears fast and the screen divided to display more of the action-reaction, but the film itself, and far away from playing these kind, no longer interesting as successful as was the first to the end. In fact, there is no suspense, and one in two hours and ten minutes of the show. No question about whether this or that, what will happen. No expectations. Vague and does not raise in any matter. There is good representation of Shi and Douglas Mulligan and Brolin and Angela specific (and bad stereotyping of Eli Wallach), but not in the film that comes from the same element that makes it a necessary condition. The movie does not work the fact realized that what he was talking before and after the recent economic crisis is now well known and he does not have a lot of new offered by or reveal in this regard. In contrast, Michael Moore's "capitalism: A Love Story", even though he belongs to the left against all that it represents the capitalist system, but that he enjoyed the situation boldly and subtraction. Here, as not intentionally Stone to put a special position, comes with an alternative feature completely when talking about the crisis hearts two young men living in the economic environment due to the work of one of them and how he has a heart of gold, although he works in the area of swimming where sharks day and night (money does not sleep!) . 