14 - Movie Name: Passion Rating: 2 \ 5 was there when the Italian comedy which saw great success because of dealing with social situations Tlza used to criticize and make fun. These days no longer in circulation and film Madzakorati Carlo evidence that, although it handles some of the issues and social and emotional - although ironically less and limited social orientations 0 start well. Gianni Dubois (Silvio Orlando) Italian director did not achieve a film five years ago and his agent, related to urge him to return to the cohesion of the new work. Ask him to write something for the new star Flaminia (Christina Caputonde), both telephone exchange a few ideas that do not impress his agent. A date for a meeting between the two windy, but a call from the Tuscan village where he was born Gianni where this is leading to leave Rome and move his car to his house neglected. The problem as one of his officials explained that the town water pipes dating back to the days of Masulini, and says to him, exploded and sank near the church. Director meets the invitation to meet with the mayor on the same day expected a solution or perhaps a fine, but the mayor (a woman) asks him to come play Last Supper for the account of the village. Is not of interest to the director and tries to justify it as a film, not theater, but excuses do not work and finds himself compelled to stay in the village and comply with the request from 0 This is the good part of the film and continue until the third clock first, then all those bakacad Naya and paradoxes that are usually written as results of the situation first, of the characters do not meet the Giovanni during the search for e represented Lin and technicians, to another Deuteronomy seen interest in the curious to more of these paradoxes which you want to reach ducks her conclusion to the type of that task were not Gareth e as predicted previously and that experience gave him increased from where he did not know he is inspired by a personal Girl Polish relationship Failing At faithful and social status is all the Father, the features of the story represented him waiting for his return 0 In the folds, there are comments about the silent strangers from the ground: There is a Polish girl, and the Swedes and tourists with the exception of African and Polish, everyone is under the light is desirable and almost racist. But this matter goes dim and quickly. To the side of good representation of Orlando, there is no support action at the level of treatment. Passion by reminding them of the title does not exist in the same film's director, and the need is more of the narrative of ideas quickly growing with every scene, and eventually leads to action is easy to forget just. 