25 - Movie Name: Son of Babylon, Rating: 2 \ 5 Under the Panorama section and in front of a large crowd of spectators, the Iraqi director Mohamed Al-Daradji introduced to the second feature film today, entitled "Son of Babylon," which accomplished the financing of about seven and three years after completion of his first film "Dreams." States which are mentioned in the literature and on the screen is Iraq, Britain and France, the Netherlands and the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Palestine. She does not know whether the production is actually the world in this way. Is there a point of Palestinian or Egyptian funded or co-financing which is a must to return the movie to him as the identity of productivity? The probability is low, but perhaps 0 Errors coming in here starting from the address where the letter hamza above the ground while she would have to be underneath it. We do not find that one error allowed in the English language associated with, but when it comes to the Arab lack of knowledge remains prevalent and there are no repairs or referring to. The story begins Belktp impressive configuration we see the photographs from a distance over a barren land. No trees, no water, not even the Highlands, or any kind of life. In the middle of these two characters move and while approaching the camera discern which of them Kurdish old and her grandson. That nowhere begin their journey: the old man looking for a son of Abraham, the father of her grandson, the boy who holds Naya plays it from time to time. Both the search for the missing in the former regime of Saddam Hussein but is leading the research does not speak Arabic, but the boy does. And the journey extends them to Baghdad and Nasiriyah, and other remote areas has been detected for mass graves. All this and the desire of the mother not be shaken or weakened Want to find her son alive, if not then at least his remains 0 Will not find, as well as the viewer will not find a significant calling to accept the film on the grounds that much more advantage of the state to raise the emotional. There are a lot of wailing and weeping and weeping and lamentation ritual with close-ups of the tears is moving, by Newton's theory, to under. A snapshot look planned for the suffering of the boy thrown to the camera directly as if he was accusing Baltqaas viewers about what happened from the scourge of the former regime. But the surprise is not in the film and wants to broadcast on how not even in the nightly, but in a Western audience. As was the case with this film in some festivals, in which the before arriving here, he returned and spoke with here as well: captured the hearts of many and sympathy. I know that the young girl who was sitting to my right she cried in a viewer, and I heard cleaning the sinuses of another woman in front of me. When the film ends applause. Do you replace the Germans (and Westerners in general) the ability to separate reason from emotion Vglapt II? The fact that the film's storyline compelling interest can be accounted for by the convicted person for causing the killing of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis, Saddam Hussein, is not tenable. Did not leave behind what could be a health situation, to talk. But the problem of the film here, as in the former film director, seems hardly the issue of settlement account that suggests that personal and that the absence of political analysis (or close to the degree of political analysis) for both films. Most of this is that the director was able to get the word picture of the Iraqi prime minister, presented after the movie blessed the film and calling for follow-up to uncover the crimes of the previous regime. At a time which he could not describe the excesses of the former regime, but the crimes, the problem is that this tape is the Additional converts the movie to a clutch of political and thus eliminates what must remain independent director of any stream or political interest 0 on a deterministic, the director has an eye to allow it to acceptable degree of technical configuration of the snapshot. Covers himself and effort in this area calculated. But in the boxes for other work there is no equivalent to this effort. There are, for example, the Department representatives in a manner directed to do all the movement required of the scene (the rise, decline, ran, helper, condemns the movements etc.) but there is no knowledge of parallel human spirit that produce those behaviors. To do that is always flat and similar. In an early scene the boy running about ten meters behind the truck, and then bend Sanda his hands on his knees panting. Is it the patient can not run ten meters? No. Everything in it that the director found it appropriate here to ask him to represent the effort is no difference whether the reality requires it or not 0 and there is lack of power-controlled to work as a whole. Each bus Assadha boy and his grandmother has been disrupted for one reason only, is that the director wants to show something else falls out of the bus (Login boy some ruins here or passing conversation there). It is true that buses break down, especially if it is old, but you must break down at all times and for reasons not the result of her dramatic? Kept in mind during the presentation that the film deal emotionally with a great tragedy. Thus, the proportion of what may Hmlanh of political positions followed by a band purely informational, but a matter of review and impact. Either this or that Darraji do not have to write scenarios, perhaps someone else can overcome the language and literary construction and gives the prevailing emotional scenes work of real significance 