9 - Movie Name: TOURNEE Rating: 2 \ 5 A few emotional touches in place and something of slave dealing with the human self is not enough to make a good film and this is the case with the fourth film director and actor Omalrik which was opened by the competition. Omalrik well in some of his performances, or so it concluded tournament play each other when the "draft of the bell and the Butterfly," bearing in mind that to perform the role of the patient with complete paralysis, it is unable to move his eyes flicker does not require representation at all. Here in this film highlights his mettle as an actor as good but without that leaves a lot to be convergence with him, and him subconsciously or emotionally or technically. It is Joachim, television producer earlier turned into a product entertainments returned from America and a group of singers and dancers who are over the age of forty or Ikdn move them from a nightclub cheap to another with a dream cherished in a triumphant return to glory are gone, and awareness of hidden that he can not do that with this band is attractive. Joachim harem women and denied the good things and fully aware of their position is difficult at this period of life physically, technically and humanly. At the same time knows Joachim it is useless to try to repair his marriage or friendship, which did not result only from sinking further into debt. Can not move to Paris because he convicted of producers, contractors and all he can do is to stay on the edge in those coastal cities often 0 affects the director, who wrote the film that, too, in those places, he was transferred to interact in his relationship with women with love and hate. But writing for the character played by remaining without the depth or excitement. Enough compared to the role played by Ben Kazara 1976 in the movie John Kazafitiz "the killing of a Chinese contractor." There is a personal contractor has a group of women employed in nightclubs, but a professional relationship with them in the first place and clearly he feels responsible for them and defend this responsibility in love and certainty in contrast to Joachim here who accepts to carry the weight and complaining of it. Another example is available in the old film of the late Robert Aldrich "All Glory" (1981), where Peter Falk (a work colleague milk Kazara under the banner of Kazafitiz) has three women (Vicki Frederick, Tracy Reed and Lauren Landon) runs women's wrestling and his position towards them come and defender and clear What makes both these examples, the nucleus of two works best filmmakers signed 0 Scenario developed by the Omalrik does not contain a lot of events and the idea seems to have arrived and ended half an hour after hour and fifty minutes, which is the duration of the film and the remaining digressions at times and repeat another time. Camera is expected to play a role here: Portable often predictable, but looking for a way out for policy action. But if that Omalrik found the correct drawing of the character of the paradoxes and enough to lift the load of work and rhythm without improving the performance level of the camera to Han it. 