21 - Movie Name: Shining Rating: 2 \ 5 at the end of the film Chinatown to Roman Polanski (1974) Fi Danawai receive a barrage of slaps from Jack Nicholson, who wants to know of them is precisely that little girl she sponsors. Blow with the first scream: my daughter. With the second: My sister, the third: my daughter and then rotate the words The girl in question was her daughter and her sister at the same time, because the father-Fi Danawai in the film (John Huston) assaulted her bore him to 0 with the end of this movie, and after achieving a psychiatrist for the case of a girl was entrusted to it (from the beginning of the movie) frequency words: my sister, my daughter, my sister, my daughter. The girl is the daughter of the man who had assaulted her. Remember the previous film ends with the new film does not spoil the surprise landing. Doing so is the film itself. The line for the same route hard, go to and from scenes of frequent long to give every time a small amount of the addendum and the more do Anzah either concern the identity that ambiguity desired or ambiguity itself, so it is possible, by about a third of an hour from the end of the movie, knowing its final destination. It is the first work of its director Mohammed think toward a deal with the issue felt Petktevat elements of a dramatic and artistic work so as to convey any specific to the present time is open, and from any geographic location specific to the environment may occur in different places. Walls Alakecibp and cell grim and old office in the clinic is named, paving the way for a shift to the countryside south (from Morocco, as the director says), where scenes are distributed between internal dark (even when woven women cloth to do so without lighting inevitable) and third-party in the middle of the day without beauty. In fact, there is no natural aesthetics, despite the beauty of nature. Kouhcp lonely souls in turn handled by the myths: the father who, despite his nose Rizk girl, treat her as a boy and wants to (e) to be convinced to do so. Be treated the same on this basis as well. Teach him riding a horse and recommending such strength and stability and control of the horse and leave him be controlled, and so on of important guidance in the relationship between man and horse, but wasted later when you can not for the father after today ignore the fact that this "boy" look upon the features of femininity willing or my father. The movie deals and legend says that there is a Knight Ranger was called to horse gods myth and turns to the mosaic in a harsh and unjust experienced personalities connected. Of course, point of contact between the present and the past is to enter the girls (which we'll find out later as the daughter of a doctor as soon as the doctor recognizes Srirtha including buried in a long time ago) clinic. The first thing that comes to light in one of the first scenes is that there is a war, but without the knowledge of any war are those intended. Will never know the reason behind the decor and design suggests a corresponding foot and emancipation, if the events are taking place at the present time. There Mchdan suggest that the present: the doctor who enter the discotheque to dance to modern tunes, and a car passes across the screen in a scene is located in the past. Scene II inadvertent error because the past is not as suggested recently the car. Shining film programmer because it looks like the play has two have been confused with scenes from each chapter to his story is complicated. Some of the complexity of real work to raise the tone of ambiguity, but some of the other is Cherbkp events carries a remarkable degree of artificiality. 