19 - Movie Name: shot Taicp Rating: 2 \ 5 Produced the Lebanese civil war a large number of films that I talked about. Post some more front the fighting that broke out sixteen years old, and some looked at the home front and the effects of what happens in lines to seek it. Bullet Taicp is one of the second category and it was about a Christian family consisting of mother and her two daughters and her son and his wife and their two daughters, all under one roof. Noha (Nadine Labaki) is different from the others in the reading of the reality that you live. It is not ready to accept Baris desired only out of fear of becoming Anosa as her sister. But her true love is to Joseph in spite of its shortcomings, it is, for the introvert forbade not react as you want. On a visit to the family of the groom's family forbade, forbidden to go out with Joseph in his old car to the forest in the town and some vary. Out of the car to be surprised Bmltmin (Christians) are conducting a man and put it in a bag where it is executed by several bullets. Shooter is just a girl from the militia (what). While Joseph rush to find out what is going on, ordered compliance and asking if what was in this place alone. Answer yes in order to prevent harm from forbade where the gunmen led him away. Will not see him anymore and will not we also see the new moon after the scene. But we will see the same girl's killer, they are not only sister of the groom. Scene, which my director his account contains the difference very opinion: the deadly stampede on their Christian militias in the Palestinian camps, and the wife's brother forbade step in to say that this attack on the Palestinian refugee camps (and the film was cited in informed that the events occurred during this) is the act of non-human being the killing was random. This is followed by a more prominent contrast between the forbidden and her brother, she decided to refuse to marry her brother beat her and what causes them to leave the house at night. Her mother is trying to catch up with them leads to the tragedy suffered by forbidden for many years after it broke away as entirely devoid of life where mental desire. George tries to make a film carefully considered. But the error is not in writing, as was the habit in many other films, but in the selection of the director of snapshots in size and diversity. This long scene, which is located during the family visit and the resulting positions, it was supposed to be tense on automatic, but what prevents it is the treatment of video evidence for all the characters of equal size and angles creates a flat scene, despite what is going on, talk show, in it. George Hashim have a background play and maybe, just maybe, see the works of Ingmar Bergman, who also has a theatrical background, and try to draw inspiration from his style. If this assumption is true, as suggested by the film, the result did not include an analysis of the footage Bergman and the reasons for use of this as the place and what it means to attend. , The movie experience due to join the distinction of Lebanon, which touched on the tragedy demonstrated the fragility of the situation and the weakness of the meat that bind people together. The fact that the director only so much politics and went to Tvlim life of a woman does not check what you want under these conditions gives the film the best value and qualities. 