4 - Movie Name: The Prize | Award Rating: 2 \ 5 This film on the observation of many details and on a permanent basis. Nevertheless, one of the most important points of weakness is that the detail (realism) is not totally realistic. Markovic, the director currently living in Mexico, but the film which carries the flags of many countries (even if it is submitted on behalf of Mexico) speaks about the experience Experienced when she was seven years old, and her mother resorted to the beach to escape the military rule in Chile, where he was born. It's about mother (Ogoretta) and her young daughter (Herzog), who live, for some reason can be detected later, the Argentine beach is isolated and depressed. And depression, a condition imposed here on the film and play a role in this range and with how much of the doctrine because of depression that is presented to the events which, without discrimination. On the beach, the structure of an abandoned house taken by the mother's house. Air slapping high windows and door on the ground allows access to the rain inside the house and furniture is less than simple. We will know later that women fleeing fascists (in the seventies, even if the film does not mention it explicitly) and her husband (her father) has to be that he was killed. But when the girls start to join a school close to the line along with her mother to say nothing about her father. Devising the girl when they are asked a lie that her father works in the sale of curtains, and her mother a homemaker. Later will tell the girl how her mother had lied to the class and how it has ratified the teacher and pupils lie, and then about a minute and a complete breach of the ears start laughing without reason that we can share or know what it meant prolonging the timing Many of the scenes are too long and say nothing (useful or not useful), such that the first scene that we follow it for about four minutes, the girl itself, the walk on the beach, then all those scenes and other coastal after I met the girl friend from age and quotes road to becoming the time in the play and lie down on the sand. All those scenes and others are just camera open without receiving an active or important. Passes the entire scene and the film flat and then had it not been for the cry against fascism had anything except give him the director is good management of their representatives, young and old. But cry not reach only about a boat and barely. And by the scenes of many lost in vain, the director fails in two main ways the first is the use of sound in the way he is an artificial and Amadj and sometimes what comes out of things unknown, and the second in the spatial delineation of what is going on. No one knows where the school site from the beach and only after about half an hour we discover the house site from the sea. Even more serious is that the accuracy is not a feature of this film in a scene strongly Mater school stands in the rain without a drop of water and one dropped on it. Her hair and her clothes and face remain Gavin note that it does not stand under an umbrella. It is also not known why the school should be a description of one and a playground. Combination does not differ in the decoration and specifications for the house itself. All of this drives the movie to one color and make him lose credibility exactly 0 odds of winning: slim and below. 