41 - Movie Name: OFFSIDE Rating: 2 \ 5 On a public bus a large group of young men   sings and sings and waving flags and - sometimes  -  quarreling among themselves .  pick up the camera, including faces, hands and looks   . Enthusiastic and well motivated    mean pitch the ball to attend the crucial match between the Iranian team and the team   Bahraini .    all in the bustle but one of them sat Mnzhoya .    reason that this is not one that can     Ckbhm the remaining part is that,   under the hat, Menswear,   is a young woman disguised in costume     boy .  purpose of attending a game banned girls .  the arrival of the bus to the courtyard of the pitch belonging to the dozens of buses of other girls trying to enter the stadium wary of the consequences of discovered .  but discovers and driven to where it has been allocated a place in the yard behind   pitch  ( hear chants and noise do not see what is going on   ). There    meet other girls because they are also intercepts   tried to break the law .  There is also,   After about twenty minutes of the film,   is diverting attention from that girl alone to group their families,   as to the group of recruits  ( four )  they are required to guard these girls that   is the arrival of officer and sent,   although some of them prayed,   to the police station .  despite the fact that the officer did not know   numbers, but the head of the group in charge of protection   continue to warn that it is not able to evacuate     Sepelhn fear of the boss .  and   talks about his desire to leave   service and return to the village because the city does not like .  succeed in the film   link the reality of female recruits both .  girls who are victims not alone nor recruits Criren free compassion   .  After the match   be transferred in   bus,   But with the celebrations of the defeat of Bahrain team   be open bus police and - without the intervention of police co   joy Great  -  enter another and lifting the restrictions of girls and a bargain   go free on the music of the national anthem of Iran   .  the side of an important topic and Dhi   letter calling for the liberation of women from such restrictions,     There are not many other good deeds . Stylistically ,   this film,   Unlike   Chamber   and Gold Dark  ,     Panahi film former good,   based on camera phones,   free of Design Film  Pre-scene  .  a   rhythm and one subject at hand,   with a little of the events is the only thing   been interest from one scene to another .  