5 - Movie Name: A Woman, A Gun And A Noodle Shop Rating: 2.5 \ 5 One of the films that benefit from the wide-screen, rather, it should only displayed within this framework, is "a woman, a pistol and shop Noodles" by Chinese director Zhang Yimou. The venue chosen for the story of film is known that usually belonged to the "was" and "Venice" his movies, is a desert of mountains, red and orange takes four or five isolated house owned and Wang (Ni Dahong) in the events that happen in the late nineteenth century: a wealthy man (compared to ) allocated place Noodles restaurant and one of his homes as an office running while running the last beta of some personnel in place. Four by the wife of owner (Yan Ni). The film opens with Iranian arms dealer provider Bracstin Cherqitin and gun does not mind selling it. But the wife to buy a gun with three nozzles carrying three bullets. Purpose of killing her husband, who does not love him for his violence. There is a relationship between them and cook for me (Xiao Shenyang) in the place of assistants married Zaw (Cheng Yi) and Chen (Mao Mao), who did not Iqda Ojarhama time ago. Government forces seeking the leave control of the place because the possession of a firearm is not allowed. And leave, and named Zhang (age Hongle) is aware of the existence of that relationship and move them to a husband who hires to kill his wife and her lover. Catching three-quarters of his pay, but crime is not being implemented, but due to the room and kill the pair. Lover is believed that the wife is killed by her husband. The wife believes that the lover is the one who killed her husband. In the context of the events of wriggling researcher for a surprise there are more of a killer and the dead body and the end will leave the place free of isolated neighborhoods 0 film is based, with no fundamental reason, Kwon brothers from the movie "Blood Simple", which they have achieved in 1984, brilliantly. Detective drama of "modern Noir film" based on the major joints of a discourse but in a manner more serious with his characters and Dramyatea. Zhang Yimou here to continue work under the new approach was followed by films with another serious bids only Bastaraziat and scenes of sight alone. Film entertains no doubt, some argue impressive number, even if limited, of scenes designed brilliantly, but mostly located in the frequency with which uses a clamping s the same as an expression of time one: the moon, which Ist p i and the night (same size), horses Tnt Lq full speed and signed hooves hurt your ears in intrigue and move this thread to that and even clamping S allocated to actions and behaviors or responses to it where each Almmt Lin participants pretend they are in the dictionary with a few words to describe them as creating a rapid profiling and characters do not develop it to. 