3 - Movie Name: Almanya Rating: 2 \ 5 Likely that the selection of the film "Germany had a" surprise to the director Turkish Samdrelli Jasmine, but if I thought it made a significant achievement indeed. Yes is a film deal and pain of migration, migrants, cultural differences, and yes to have interesting ideas in this regard as in the method and timing of the exciting scenes of humor, but the film is not a film festival should not like to be a For Western critics, one would understand the enthusiasm for the film on the grounds that recreation therapy to a serious subject, it is already as well, but this does not mean in itself a success for the treatment itself. Story by the same director, moves from the sixties to today and back to back, then moving forward smoothly in some cases, and some leaps useless at other times A good start with the mix of footage documented seem to know where the others live on Hussein (Vidt Orensen) upon arrival to Germany Anatolian migrants from his hometown, and then move him at the present time has become an older self Yemen to return to his hometown. Initially bring up the subject to stay with his extended family that contains the children and their spouses and grandchildren as his wife, but later mentions that he intended to spend the summer only. Concert Almajuqp lunch and implementation of a playwright to his story before he returned to Germany the first time and I love how that woman who married her and later gave birth. And then to present a little bit, and then to supplement the historical line, where his return from Germany to come back for his wife and three young children to Germany where they are opening a new chapter here with the continued rotation of events. Immerses the film under the weight of such movements, even if gradually moved to continue the story of Hussein's decision to return to his family's vast current time in Turkey, the pace and landed before the penultimate part of the film Kmtaavat lackluster effect. Selected group of good actors, especially for my character and his wife seriously. And there - in the first half of the film - is the best observations for different bakacad Agafi between Muslim Turks and German Christians, some in the form of a nightmare sights the Z for the grandfather on the day will get a German passport, with dreams that is responsible for delivery of passports, travel say to him: "From now onwards you will have to drink beer and eat pork twice a week, "w M provide the Turkish Sahnin Fitrdd of meat while his wife does not mind the T on the basis of enthusiasm to achieve the German identity. Tarif scene serves a comment on Turkey's social divisions, which recognize them in their odds of winning the Western 0: without moderate in contrast to the movie "Honey" Turkish (all events), which won gold at the Berlin Festival last year. 