18 - Movie Name: singer Rating: 2 \ 5 seven of the ten films presented in competition for the festival of Dubai is the new filmmakers. Qasim on the other three. Long sold in the action film inside Iraq (days of the former regime) and outside. Which is a little production, too. This film comes as a request of many years of preparing financially for its production. The late Lebanese filmmaker Randa Shahal and accompanied by her death, he completed the effort and found a way to convince the parties funded by the French. As expected from the director of Iraq singer is the situation in Iraq under Saddam Hussein. Different from what his predecessors in this area in that it chooses an architecture for unprecedented events: the characters and tales meet under the roof of one of President the past and what happens with it becomes a title for the case of Iraq during the period - or so it is the view of the director at least. It is natural that most of the productions are the work of the current Iraqi anti-perch for the period in which the previous ruling the destinies of the country. Is also normal to have directors love to take revenge on that date and trying to elucidate the disadvantages of the system. But what distinguishes some of these films (as the departure from Iraq to Qutaiba al-Janabi) from each other (such as the son of Babylon Muhammad Darraji) is that some people I do not enter the conflict of the individual against the system, but find a way to search for the responsibility of the individual in the system , while the most common type II movies to scream in the face of the former regime, after it has gone and been unable to terrorize. I Lebaa was not available during the years of Saddam Hussein to bring to light what a film against him (though there are cases around the world to directors Astt Aawa pass their messages opposed to their systems), but something to hide movies in this category is that the current situation in Iraq, not the best Bkt see the situation the days of Saddam Hussein and not to talk to the D includes sets of these films, sha T or not, as if the liquidation account, or snap in the flesh of dead. Film "singer" slightly different in this respect in that it tells a particular case can not be Digressions them to comment on the current situation as well: the feast day of the birth of President Saddam Hussein during the Iraq war - Iran. Located a few characters in a private ceremony at a palace of Saddam Hussein (though we see limited part of the place). Reach a high ranking officer arrived to upgrade especially with the president and his beautiful wife. Up two women working in the "Media" with the desire of one in the transition to television news anchor. There is also a poet, who intends to take poems that sing of the courage and wisdom of the president and his regime, along with his wife, who refuses to join the choir musician and stop complaining. All these and others arrive on time and subjected to strict inspection, which, according to the film, the search for weapons of mass destruction in places flawed from the body, before they are allowed to enter with the condition sterilize hands and not to touch any tools food or shaking hands with any one else before shaking hands with President I. . Who do not arrive as scheduled, Artist (Amer Alwan) as his old car breaks down amid agricultural roads and spend most of the day rushing Baudh center field in the direction of Baghdad before he give him a ride away from the palace. While up receives a strong throw a punch but also Saddam's request to listen to him and assure him that appear in front of 0 Of course Saddam had arrived and heard the poem and the continued Spanish Flamenco dance before to ask about the secret of the absence of the singer. Such as the one when he was asked to sing and point to the wall, and this is what does the singer walking and tears on his cheeks. But there are other things located in that night: the officer discovers that his wife slept with the President, therefore, was promoted, and the wife of the singer talking about the disadvantages of the system and how her husband had sold himself, and women who dream of the presence of on-screen TV almost achieved her dream: I met her one and I have Saddam and the promise of good a notice form and checks her beauty. The director does not stop at that, but depicts the suicide of her husband's military, and the arrest of the wife who is driven to an underground chamber where (supposedly, not visibly) Siatdy will hit them and may not see the face of life after that time. This is all part of the ore could have been a much better film in many ways. For example, moving between what is located in the palace and the quest for the singer reached, the result is not equal in the art and drama, because the composition of the film is not correct. Including that the director wanted to film on the singer (as its title), there is a duty to make it what is going on the real axis. Are two solutions here: a film as a whole outside the palace and away from the scenes of Saddam and his decrees and concert basis, about that singer, who nationally Lq am and exposed him - against his will - to stop it from arriving on-time, with Sekshvh from fear of punishment on the one hand and the state of passing them from human beings on the other hand, or provide access to concert singer (though still a bit late) and make it faq R. presence and preview what is going on. , There are weak and the dialogue is written in order to repeat some of its content with that arrived from the first time. The worst is the performance by the actor who played the role of Saddam Hussein. In the quarter the first time we hear talk Balvsahy, and then move from vernacular to standard. Except that his dialogue, it does not reflect something personal which reflects the still fresh to his enemies as for his fans. What we see is not necessarily Saddam, despite that it was intended to be. I have missed a great opportunity director for the development of surreal because of the set points of irony in the scene of the year. That the selected site for the collection of all these characters and displayed in front of Saddam at the height of his leadership, could have benefited from many facts. Since the departure from reality is not the most important achievement of a good film, the film was able to absorb the reflected image surrealist scenes of additional internal and not Moha with its viewer discretion alone. Singer at the end of it posed in bold, but less aggressive in how the claims of. 