 23 - Movie Name: Kanikosen Rating: 2.5 \ 5 another film from the Middle Chinese is "Kanicosn," a Japanese word is translated and events at sea during the fall of imperial rule in the early forties. Fishing boat run by a company that sells crop of fishing to the government. Inside the ship machinery for the manufacture of cans managed wheels heavy hand. This is not the source of the complaint, but the way he treats the owners of the company and Azlamha enumerated all the sailors and fishermen. Beatings, murder and humiliation lasts from the beginning of the movie to be a sermon in his sailors, asking them to rebel and strike. This was a sea escape from the ship Valtqtth fishing vessel saw the Russian sailors on board, happy, dancing and singing and treated as he wishes for himself and his colleagues decided to return to the dissemination of these principles 0 End and a tent here, it will pay a price for his new movie but that instructs the oppression and social inequalities and class is some of the reasons that led to the disintegration and collapse of the Japanese system. Film go so far as mocking the principle Buddhist who believes in Reincarnation desperate ship hoping to return to life after death Kothreya. Unless they give him the present life will grant them another life on earth. All on one of them to die is imagined himself from a wealthy family and would also imagine himself. Baptized as director Sabu (There was an Indian boy in films such as American Indian, many in the fifties but the name has nothing to do Sapo) to demolish the idea of selecting specific scenes ridicule them. When he speaks of the sea for a passage that we turn into a scene of him in the village reflects the poverty, while another imagines himself rich, move on to the scene of him playing handball in the glowing white clothes and a peaceful environment. Expressive, these moves naive and primitive, but insist on placing it in the meat of the film without a negative impact on the entire working-level. 