40 - Movie Name: DASTAN NATAMAM Rating: 2 \ 5 Two years before this film directed Hassan   Ictbanh his first film   Fri :  story of a boy from Afghanistan   works and his cousin,   slightly older,   the Seller milk Iranian   in   some villages . All      day work begins am   collect milk from the cow's owners and place it in the truck     small floating around in milk, the young man   together to the villages and nearby houses to sell . In      shop in the village looked in his eyes to a girl is the daughter of   Iranian shopkeeper,   heart and looks forward to the forbidden love him for being an immigrant     even though he is a Muslim .    In the end, he surrender to this fate and continue his life without his love .  Fri   was a film   well   Ktoziv to the plight At faithful and hadeeth about some trouble Afghan migrants in   Iran, though he overlooked the depth of the problem that   underlying   spacing based on every level    ( is a Sunni     is a Shiite,   is the immigrant is   Arabian nationals Forth,   is a factor   is the daughter of a shop owner )  but the best when it was based   cinematic story full regardless of the lapses in the implementation   .  and   taken on film   Ictbanh What is new is that the director turned away   than those treated film right to the style of an affected  ( also clear after the end of the movie when they pass addresses to learned that Abbas Kiarostami   among the workers behind the camera )  cinema is located between the registry and drama without   takes the drama is not their right Almmtalob .  His next story is finished,  product starts TV   and   director filmed waiting on a road between the nearby mountains .  voice I hear a car coming . Looking at forward  .  but the road behind them !.  condone it and wait .    shortly after I hear a car engine   looking at the other to the right this time,   and     Ehraan request her .  It is a passenger bus and all of them   wearing masks to hide their faces   .  agreement between the producer and is responsible for the bus is that   The first filming passengers because they are a diverse group of Iranians and some non-Iranian     who intend to escape across the border to Italy or France . If ,     We are in the film other than that which     seizes on the idea of a realistic and important topic and manipulates it as if it   wished to emphasize the girl of the moment it . No representation where  . No Setup  . No authorship  .    note that it prepared in advance   written and prepared     are all from     represented in a professional film or was     unprofessional .    one in such actions by Iran that   ask for objective technical investigator   through all this .  and the reason for his question axiomatic   It is   is not clear on the screen or in the   folds of work and do not film   reflected as .  expels the product and his cameraman from the bus after detecting a passenger on his mask and spoke boy   small not   no official process   wants to speak .  but the product and the director filmed     decide to move forward in     achieve this television  ( and   but will not have to have a film we see )  despite the difficulties of the road and the presence of border police intensified .  After the lesser of two men wanted stolen     succeed in reaching the bus were from New . Hola  they left the car and started walking towards   border passed by mountains and valleys in     bumpy road for fear of exposure   ordered .    while approaching the product of a new director filmed determined to resume the journey with the group an update of the investigation,   argument is new and almost kill them some  ,   this before   police suddenly appear and surround the group full .  but the product has an idea Viohm notify the officer  (   event that it   same town where he was born   )  that he is filming     and that these representatives  ( again a combination of what is representative  What is the documentary      in the film within the film ).    Based on the true     officer what he hears, and allows everyone to move in     work,   Bel     participate in the performance of a viewer !.  the work of everyone now cross the border, which is close   .  After follow-up to full positions   non-innovative,   running out most of the border police fugitives . Some    escape . Some    arrested and the photographer probably among those who died as the camera turns   between his hands and freezes the image .  the reported here is located on more than one level .  There are touching the subject of Social   on the demand of some Iranians to flee the country .  to pass the idea was to film incorporation into   non-Iranian also  ( in   framework Afghan   and his wife )  and the director does not   wants to   apparently criticizing   or revealing   the size of the problem, but   enough, Maybe  ,     posed that . There relationship   ( by   loves some rulings on contentious call while she     in most cases by one )  between cinema and television and between them and Article irrigated .  How much of this story is true and how much of the film  -  honest reportage and how it was forced to falsify in order to achieve     than . Then there    end that reflects the dream land of new and different future, but can not afford not to condemn that dream and that is protected and favored .  that this important topic,   despite the cautious   flanked by,   contains   also on the criticism of housing for motives which   challenged some of the Iranians to flee,   but need director   the end of the tragic intervene against this criticism .  in   a viewer see the official process  ( by   was presented as a comfort   and thick )  distributed   women   Barkat   wig colors foreign  ( blonde and red )  order often    -  from afar at least  -  Maroran foreigners and to facilitate cross-border and their acceptance in the other side   . But rather than being    reflects the scene and situation     mocking of the issue as a whole,   pays wry smile to the viewer alone .  The difference is that the subject of ridicule disagree moving   women's decision to put wigs on   cover the head, not underneath it instead of that paradox can   concept Bkamilehma .    in this failure for the purposes of film criticism through the crowd without analysis or deepen or even cases of incorrect .  but they go   these ideas   could have been interesting if the implementation of good,   the movie does not   keep him but said the effort which   must Representatives that endured actually   They are moving over the mountains in     valleys in heat and cold .  