42 - Movie Name: Quarantine Rating: 2.5 \ 5 This movie remake of Spanish film called REC and square out of the title, the term for the word that appears when shooting a video camera to do so as one of the main characters. Out the Spanish version of the 2007 Spanish horror cinema specialist there Jaume Balaguero television journalist story name Angela (Manuela Velasco) and her cameraman cover the common threads of the work of firefighters at night when firefighters Ehraan with respondents to the appeal of an old woman is said that the door is unlocked it. While everyone entering the building shut the building on them as residents by security forces after he heard it from people with symptoms of the deadly and graduated from the darkness of the night the ghosts of Blutp virus infected meat and ravage Tedh but does not have to be infected and die, or turn the beast turn 0 If the same story in quarry and cameraman is following what's going on firsthand, a film such as the Spanish did not exist before Camiratna in the absence of a figure. It is through its impact, we see what is depicted and what is not conceivable to move again, "Camiratna" to disperse. Depicts and portrays that imposes the question about her identity. Who is he? Why do not you stop? Rather, whether the witness or - in the after - a partner. The same questions that we felt when we saw the Project Blair Witch and the first time in 1999 and was the fad of the season. That was narrated by two young men did not achieve then what is the reputation of this film are Daniel Myrick and Eduardo Sanchez, 0 movie tries to be a professional photographer by making the camera behave procedure - and we see the film through - professionally. This probably was the reason for limited impact in the field of intimidation limited scenes and not on the online format. But the story (which is excerpted in any case) in a new location and pay attention to the events, for the most part, located inside the building from which closed on by the police which will not allow one to even open his window. Stadmh if what he did if the experience of the director and his craft, such as those which, when George A.. Romero, director Calendar dead or as when the owner of Danny Boyle after 28 day of the film has a better ranking among peers. 