15 - Movie Name: Black Swan Rating: 2 \ 5 Dangerous to convene a film director does not establish his characters through their submission, does not grant them any existence before the start of the film is reflected in the new work, directed by Darren Aronofsky U.S. Black Swan, which opened the official competition of the new session of the Festival of Venice 0 Observers of the seriousness of the fact that it often can not stop asking questions about these figures: Where did it come from? What are the drawbacks? Why is it so? Why are its actions in this way? Although Black Swan dropper to answer some of these questions, but the watch remains from beginning to end looking, implicitly, for the reason why these characters live their lives this way. This is in addition to other questions of the kind that comes out from the heart of relationships and paradoxes that are not received and answered by the film as well. Among them, rather, the most important, why all the characters this movie dark and tired and most of them acting in bad faith? In this context, can be compared with Aronofsky this new film, his film former Gladiator Venice festival, which was introduced by two. Screenwriter there (Robert Siegel) is the screenwriter here (Mark Hyman, Andrew Heinze, John Maclovljen) and attention was humanly more characters were understandable motives, backgrounds and goals speaks Black Swan About Nina Sayers (Natalie Portman) that identify them They play the ballet in the training room. The same rapid fall on the opportunity presented by director Thomas (French Vincent Cassel) to tell her when to declare all that he will choose from among the dancers who believe they will succeed in performing the role of the swan by the evil performed the role of the Swan good (or white). Nina, who lives with her mother in a big apartment in New York (but we do not understand the work of the mother or how Itdberan Maeshethma) you want this role, and Thomas tells her that they are able to perform the role of the White Swan and has techniques for all, but he wants if the leading role of the black swan, that vary and free itself from the cold Bel suppressed. It is suggested by the emotional openness to others, and tries to kiss her without knowing whether this attempt of his emotional or technical strategy which aims to change depending on the destination that he wants in any case, the desire to acquire the role is not unique. Practically all the oceans so wish, and some of them will not need to set nets and traps in order to fail in achieving its goal Nina. When there is a selection of them connect director Nina efforts for the sake of perfection, as Thomas continues his efforts to see that used different techniques for each roles. To become a seductress, and a seductive and evil while the lead part of the Black Personal Recipes not enjoyed by Nina at all, and they must start their attempts outside the place of training in order to change and it will not change for the better, as stated in the film later, but for the worst and with the help of dancer belonging to the band recently named the following (in miles Kunis), which has its own agenda. This deterioration of the character Nina leaves us ready to do anything to win. This is no better off than Grimadtha, among them one expulsion of Thomas and the other portrays Nina, when word spreads choice, a prostitute. But here highlights a situation that works for the movie: If all the film's characters behave with envy and jealousy and the desire of human beings or in Devin Whipping Rh (as is the case with Nina's mother and performed by Barbara Hershey), the purpose for which the film is intended to achieve? W M Is the life of the entire ballet in this manner without a good personal one? And if Nina was not different from the others where the position of the viewer experience stretch to be in it? On the surface, Aronofsky knows what he wants he brought to the eye: the camera movements, dance sequences, the general atmosphere, decor, photography dark most of the time, this whole record for the film. Only if he had a robe on the subject of more emotional and less uniform with decorations and artistic designs to slash Alrkanp turn. Film duo Michael Powell and Imirik Bersburger Red Shoe (1948) did not miss the passion of humanity. To the side of the film Aronofsky change from the previous film's characters, as well as the change of the structure of the film and stir emotional drama type of musical drama, romance, suspense to contain myself to experience the delusions, and abnormal relations and a lot of doubts and caveats 