6 - Movie Name: Caterpillar Rating: 2.5 \ 5 repeat the results are worse than the share of the Japanese film "caterpillars" or caterpillars as the original title Caterpillar It is a special film, directed by Koji and Akamtsu done 115 films or so since 1963 and the fact that he did not get any of them any prize master (won five awards marginal and Prize of the Festival of Tokyo as the best film in the "eyes of a Japanese" profile for his former "Red Army" year 2007, the director has a leading political position and is expressed in all his films. Such as the "Red Army", the "slug bed," assisted by documentaries of well and going about characters suffer from the political situation imposed on them few options. In contrast, this film of 85 minutes while we were forced "Red Army" to sit for three hours. But talk is not good and punchy here. This new film, in which about twenty minutes of material that is not repeated dialogue or images, and the rest of images, with words and with attitudes revolve as if it were a collage Bdoulab car damage on themselves and do not come, when this critic at least, any new wide recognition, or add new cases above what was recorded cases of 0 The film begins with scenes documentary of the war Japanese - Chinese in 1940 and then leak the director of the documentaries to the scene live to see a group of Japanese soldiers running behind three girls trays. Hero of the movie Sigtsb one and kill her. With the end of this introductory chapter we turn to the village director who does not care to be photographed even a decoration could wreak some comfort while looking at it. The soldier returned to his village a lump parties like a turtle without lists. Distorted face. Lost audio (and possibly hearing), leaving only the body and head And sexual desire, which imposed, although what it is, the patient and his wife working in the field of rice, and cook and feed and supervise the cleaning of her husband and his desire to meet the Nationality 0 pair is now considered "the god of war." It is ironic but painful together. Consider the village to the wife as a model of sacrifice, but no one, except the audience, knows when the actual sacrifice and suffering experienced by the mental. In one of the scenes come down on the chest of her husband beaten wondered not returned from the war alive. In the other pretends in front of people as happy to sacrifice carried out by the request of her husband shared that impression (on a trolley and his military fatigues) in order to reap the highest admiration of people 0 All that well and carries the article humanitarian and political task, especially while previewing the possibility that a soldier be a symbol of Japan at the time the Imperial and wife are a symbol of the people who suffered from the regime of Emperor Hirohito, which ended when Japan surrendered to U.S. forces in the summer of 1945 after throwing two nuclear bombs on them. Is mentioned in the end the film with more documentaries. But at this point with an indication of the number of victims of Japanese and others in World War II (millions of course) you find yourself still wondering whether it was enough to come and view the movie left-wing and anti-war in the final minutes of the movie to appreciate the right amount of 0 Koji and Akamtsu uses Trochee one times many. Has the humanitarian situation is painful (and painful looking at it) and a few symbols move in a voice or image all the time, such as abs Alkloz an article commends Palmjend disabled and describes the national hero, or like those medals or those documentaries. Or re-entry to the rape scene to confirm the role and done. Or recurrence of such a wife to say for herself or him, "You do not do anything but eating, sleeping, eating, sleeping, eating and ". Some may see here a form of success in communicating the message, but for this critic, the command is merely a tautology to the theme should be expressed in either expand It see him to include characters and events faq (t does not mean that films large scale) or to address the technical fine as is the case with Alexander Zukhurov film "The Sun", which filled the screen line Labbe about Japan and even in the same period within the follow-up Alimbrat War Hirohito in his last days. With the director, by the way, the earlier great film titled "Mother and Son," about a man and his sick mother that mobility can not live in a hut near a river in the wilderness. Unlike this film, that exudes serenity, beauty and reflective scenes and aesthetics formed the subject of successful human relations which emerged as the least amount of attempts. 